--- Page 1 ---
-i-
 
          BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
(Formerly TE Holding S.A R.L.; a private company with limited liability (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and having its statutory seat in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
and 
REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
(A private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands 
and having its statutory seat in The Hague) 
EURO 10,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Guaranteed by  
REPSOL, S.A. 
(A sociedad anónima organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain)  
On 5 October 2001, Repsol International Finance B.V. and Repsol, S.A. entered into a euro 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the Programme) and issued a base prospectus in respect thereof. The maximum amount of the Programme was increased from euro 5,000,000,000 to euro 
10,000,000,000 on 2 February 2007. Further base prospectuses describing the Programme were issued on 21 October 2002, 4 November 2003, 10 November 
2004, 2 February 2007, 28 October 2008, 23 October 2009, 25 October 2010, 27 October 2011, 25 October 2012, 17 October 2013, 30 May 2014, 22 September 
2015, 26 September 2016, 30 May 2017, 2 October 2018, 4 April 2019, 3 April 2020 and 7 May 2021. On 7 May 2021, Repsol Europe Finance acceded to the 
Programme as an additional issuer. On the date hereof, the Programme has been updated. Any Notes (as defined below) to be issued on or after the date hereof 
under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein, save that Notes which are to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes issued 
prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such series. 
Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.  
Under the Programme, Repsol Europe Finance (REF) and Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF, and together with REF, the Issuers and each an Issuer), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes guaranteed by 
Repsol, S.A. (the Guarantor) (the Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed euro 10,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. Notes issued under the Programme will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Guarantor.  
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017, as 
amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF) as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to 
prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Act), by approving this prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness 
of Notes to be issued hereunder or the quality or solvency of the Issuers. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
For the purposes of the Transparency Directive 2004/109/EC, each Issuer has selected Luxembourg as its ‘home member state’. The ‘home member state’ of 
the Guarantor for such purposes is Spain. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II)) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made for such Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. According to the Luxembourg Act, the CSSF is not competent for approving prospectuses for 
the listing of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and complying with the definition of securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from 13 May 2022 (i.e., until 13 May 2023) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes, which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined in “General Description 
of the Programme” below). Such Final Terms will also specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(or any other market) and admitted to trading on the regulated market thereof (or any such other market).  
The Notes and the Guarantee (as defined below) will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and the 
Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States of America (the United States or U.S.) or to U.S. persons or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person 
(as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 2 ---
-ii-
 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each 
a Temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a Permanent Global Note and together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, the relevant clearing systems will be notified 
whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme” below) to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
Global Notes that are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will) be deposited on the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common 
Depositary). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor is rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively and 
Baa2 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH. Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). Tranches 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union (the EU) and registered under the CRA will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation can 
be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” below. 
___________________________________ 
 
Arranger
BofA Securities 
Dealers
BBVA 
Deutsche Bank 
MUFG 
Barclays 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Natixis 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
BofA Securities 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
CaixaBank
J.P. Morgan
Standard Chartered Bank AG
Citigroup 
Mediobanca 
UBS Investment Bank 
Credit Agricole CIB 
Mizuho Securities 
UniCredit 
Credit Suisse 
Morgan Stanley 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 May 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
-iii-
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................ 7 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. 37 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 45 
THE GROUP’S TRANSITION FINANCING FRAMEWORK ................................................................. 46 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. ......................................................... 50 
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE ................................................................................... 52 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP .................................................................. 53 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 73 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 82 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................ 89 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 129 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 134 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 149

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus contains no omissions 
likely to affect its import. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, Repsol, the Repsol Group, the Group and the Company refers to Repsol, S.A. 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, and 
the Guarantor refers to Repsol, S.A. only. 
References herein to Conditions are to the “Terms and Conditions of Notes” as they apply to Notes issued 
by either Repsol Europe Finance or Repsol International Finance B.V., as the case may be, and references to 
a numbered Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents that are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). Any websites included in this Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or Repsol since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States (U.S.) Securities 
Act and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes are being 
offered and sold by the Dealers outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with 
Regulation S of the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the U.S. or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Calculation Agent (together, the Agents), the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger, the Trustee, the Agents or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, the Agents, the Trustee and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base

--- Page 5 ---
Page 2
Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation, offer or invitation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
the Trustee, the Agents, the Dealers or the Arranger to any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial 
statements to subscribe for or purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial position or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.  
None of the Issuers nor the Arranger nor the Dealers is responsible for any third party social, environmental 
and sustainability assessment of the Notes. The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future 
legal or industry standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Investors should 
conduct their own assessment of the Notes from a sustainability perspective. Investors should note that the 
net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or 
a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to U.S.$ and 
U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency/units of currency of the United States; references to £ or Sterling are 
to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom; and references to € and euro are to the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about the Group’s future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the markets 
in which the Group operates or intends to operate. Forward-looking statements involve all matters that are 
not historical fact. These and other forward-looking statements can be identified by the words “may”, “will”, 
“would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, “believe”, 
“seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar expressions or their 
negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s 
present and future business and the environment in which the Group expects to operate in the future. Forward-
looking statements may be found in sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of 
the Guarantor and the Group”, in the consolidated management reports that are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (the Consolidated Management Reports), in the Strategic Plan for 2021-2025 
presented by the Group on 26 November 2020 (see “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Strategy”) 
and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
and other factors that could cause the Group’s actual results of operations, financial position, liquidity,

--- Page 6 ---
Page 3
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the markets 
the Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. 
Additional factors that could cause the Group’s actual results, financial position, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, opportunities or achievements or industry results to differ include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Group may currently deem immaterial or that are not 
presently known to the Group could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus 
not to occur. Except as otherwise required by Dutch, Spanish, Luxembourg and other applicable securities 
laws and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Group undertakes no obligation 
to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. Given the 
uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these statements. 
HYDROCARBON AND GAS RESERVES CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
Hydrocarbon and gas reserves and resource estimates are expressions of engineering and economic analysis 
and interpretation based on knowledge, experience and industry practice. Estimates that were valid when 
originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or techniques become available. 
Additionally, by their very nature, reserve and resource estimates are imprecise and depend to some extent 
on interpretations, which may prove to be inaccurate. As further information becomes available through 
additional drilling and analysis, the estimates are likely to change. This may result in alterations to 
development and production plans which may, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s operations. See also 
“Risk Factors—Risk Factors that May Affect the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil Their 
Obligations under The Notes—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves”. 
CERTAIN TECHNICAL TERMS 
As used in this Base Prospectus: 
“boe” refers to barrels of oil equivalent; 
“boed” means barrels of oil equivalent per day; 
“k” prefix means thousand; 
“m” prefix means million; 
“/d” or “d” suffix means per day; and 
“scf” means standard cubic feet. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time, one or both of the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
pursuant to the Luxembourg Act, the relevant Issuer or the Issuers, as the case may be, shall prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus, as required by the Luxembourg Act. The obligation to supplement this

--- Page 7 ---
Page 4
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial data incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional financial 
performance measures established by International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS-EU), contains certain alternative performance measures (such as adjusted net 
income, EBITDA, etc.) (APMs) that are presented for the purposes of a better understanding of Repsol’s 
financial performance, cash flows and financial position, as these are used by Repsol when making 
operational or strategic decisions for the Group. The relevant metrics are identified as APMs and 
accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method in “Appendix II: 
Alternative performance measures” to the “Consolidated Management Report 2021” and in “Appendix I: 
Alternative performance measures” to the “Consolidated Management Report 2020”, which are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU, are not accounting 
measures within the scope of IFRS-EU and may not be permitted to appear on the face of primary financial 
statements or footnotes thereto. These APMs may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other 
companies. Neither the assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with IFRS-EU 
or any generally accepted accounting standards. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider 
the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although certain of this data has 
been extracted or derived from the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
this data has not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 8 ---
Page 5
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
Unless otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018)) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements 
of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide 
a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the

--- Page 9 ---
Page 6
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. Pursuant to 
section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with any Notes issued under the Programme. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should also consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference inter alia, to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
BMR), while the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Market Institute) does appear on such 
register. As far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.

--- Page 10 ---
Page 7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuers: 
Repsol Europe Finance and Repsol International Finance B.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol Europe Finance: 
222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol International Finance 
B.V.: 
5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29 
Guarantor: 
Repsol, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for 
Repsol, S.A.: 
BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size:  
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuers may increase the size of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” below).
Arranger:  
BofA Securities Europe SA
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Santander, S.A.
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A.
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Credit Suisse International
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE

--- Page 11 ---
Page 8
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG
UBS AG London Branch
UniCredit Bank AG
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale” below) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Method of Issue:  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical to (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest) the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein

--- Page 12 ---
Page 9
under the Conditions, save where the first Tranche of an issue 
which is being increased was issued under a base prospectus with 
an earlier date, in which case the Notes will be issued on the terms 
set forth in that base prospectus. The specific terms of each 
Tranche will be set forth in the final terms for such Tranche (the 
Final Terms).
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. Each Tranche of 
Notes will be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “Selling 
Restrictions” in this section “General Description of the 
Programme”), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note.
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
If the Global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, the 
Global Note representing Notes will, on or before the issue date 
for each Tranche, be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, the Global Note representing 
Notes may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will), on or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes relating 
to Notes that are not listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of original 
issue.
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that: (i) the minimum

--- Page 13 ---
Page 10
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required, from time to time, by the relevant regulatory authority 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area (EEA) or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes).
 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradable as follows: (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency), in the authorised denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral 
multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the 
relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be 
issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency).
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated 
as at the issue date of the first Tranche of a Series; or
 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR or SONIA as adjusted for any 
applicable margin.
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest.
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period.

--- Page 14 ---
Page 11
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable, which shall not be less than par. Unless permitted by the 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders.
 
For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of 
the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) is/are held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes 
to be redeemed will be required under the Conditions in the event 
that the relevant Issuer exercises its option pursuant to Condition 
5(d) in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial 
redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion).
Risk Factors: 
The section titled “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus sets out, 
among other things, certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ 
and/or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their respective obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme and certain other factors 
that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with such Notes.
Status of Notes: 
The Notes and the guarantee in respect of them will constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor, respectively, all as described in Condition 2 
(Guarantee and Status).
Negative Pledge:
See Condition 3 (Negative Pledge).
Cross Default:
See Condition 8 (Events of Default).
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity 
only for tax reasons. See Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options).
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands,

--- Page 15 ---
Page 12
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, 
subject to customary exceptions (including the ICMA Standard 
EU Exceptions). All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
FATCA, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, and no additional amounts shall be payable on 
account of any such FATCA withholding or deduction. See 
Condition 7 (Taxation).
Governing Law: 
The Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them) are governed by English law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law 
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended from 
time to time, shall not apply.
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail Investors, United 
Kingdom, Spain, Belgium, Japan, Switzerland, The Netherlands, 
Hong Kong, Singapore and the Republic of Italy. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of 
the Code) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state 
that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the C Rules) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 16 ---
Page 13
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which 
has submitted an application for registration in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 17 ---
Page 14
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are 
beyond the control of the Issuers and the Guarantor or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its 
financial position and its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuers and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors 
in each category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential 
effect on the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the 
order of presentation of the categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or 
materiality. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal 
risk factors inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons, which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
(I) RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY 
TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuers as members of the Repsol Group, and the 
Guarantor. 
1. 
 RISKS RELATING TO CLIMATE CHANGE AND TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY  
Risks related to climate change. 
Repsol is exposed to risks associated with climate change. These risks comprise both physical and so-called 
transitional risks. Physical risks derive from the physical effects of climate change such as rise in temperature, 
sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels or more frequent occurrence of 
extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological phenomena, such as cyclones or hurricanes. 
These effects could adversely impact both Repsol’s operations, assets and supply chains. So-called 
transitional risks include changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, social attitudes and customer 
preferences relating to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, which could adversely impact Repsol’s 
business and prospects. In addition, Repsol could be impacted by increased competition due to the entry of 
new market participants with business models and product offerings based on low-carbon energy sources.

--- Page 18 ---
Page 15
Over the short to medium term, the Group believes the most relevant risks related to climate change are as 
follows: 
 
the introduction of laws, regulations or policies affecting the Group’s operations or future 
investments arising either from the obligation to adopt measures to mitigate climate change or 
otherwise related to the environment, including regulations on carbon pricing, renewable energy, 
road transport vehicles, stricter emission limits and/or altering the generation mix (i.e., a combination 
of primary energy sources used in a geographical area), including through taxes; 
 
harm to the reputation of the Group or the sector in which it operates generally due to social 
disapproval (whether or not justified) of its or their performance in relation to sustainable 
development initiatives or to any other expectation of Repsol’s stakeholders. Any such adverse 
trends of opinion may affect the Guarantor’s share price and initiatives that promote disinvestment 
in fossil fuel extraction companies to reduce the impact of their products on climate change may 
affect the shareholding base of the Guarantor or the price of its securities (including any Notes); 
 
price signals generated by climate change or energy transition scenarios, which modify the exposure 
to market risks such as the volatility of the price of crude oil, natural gas or other commodities, such 
as emission allowances (EU Emissions Trading System) and carbon credits (voluntary markets); and 
 
greater difficulty or cost in raising funds to finance the development of certain projects or the Group 
generally due to shifts in investment positions that the financial sector or investors with exposure to 
the energy sector may adopt, such as new initiatives to contribute to climate targets, either voluntarily 
or as a result of regulations. 
Over the medium to long term, the Group believes the most relevant risks related to climate change are as 
follows: 
 
changes in energy end-uses that lead to a reduction in demand for the Group’s products, either as a 
result of natural market dynamics or induced by regulation, such as the electrification of vehicle 
fleets or consumers’ preferences for innovative forms of mobility; 
 
changes in primary energy sources towards less carbon-intensive alternatives, resulting in a higher 
percentage of such less carbon-intensive energy sources and a reduction of the contribution of fossil 
fuel sources; and 
 
late adoption of new practices/processes/technologies for energy production (including renewable 
energies), distribution and storage, which ultimately prevail in the market or premature adoption of 
early or immature technologies, which ultimately fail to be adopted in the market. 
If Repsol is unable to successfully mitigate the risks related to climate change, including the adaption of its 
business to the changing energy environment, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Repsol Group’s strategy requires efficiency, innovation and suitable human capital in a highly competitive 
market. 
The oil and gas industry operates in the context of a highly competitive energy sector. This competition 
influences the conditions for accessing markets or following new business leads, the costs of licences and 
the pricing and marketing of products, requiring the Group’s attention and continuous efforts towards 
improving efficiency and reducing unit costs, without compromising operational safety or undermining the 
management of other strategic, operational and financial risks. 
Furthermore, the Repsol Group is exposed to negative impacts arising from the management of its 
organisation and its employees. If the Group were to fail to successfully recruit and retain diverse, skilled

--- Page 19 ---
Page 16
and experienced people or maintain a suitable organisational structure, both in terms of design and 
dimensioning, this could negatively affect its business. 
The implementation of the Group’s strategy requires a significant ability to anticipate and adapt to the market 
and continuous investment in technological advances, innovation and digitalisation. Should Repsol not be 
capable of anticipating and adapting to these market requirements or attracting and retaining human talent, it 
could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Repsol may engage in acquisitions and investments and disposals as part of the Group’s strategy. 
As part of the Group’s strategy, Repsol may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of interests. 
There can be no assurance that Repsol will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing 
necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, 
or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a 
number of risks, including possible adverse effects on Repsol’s operating income, risks associated with 
unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been 
disclosed during due diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, 
technologies, systems, services and products, and risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered 
by a change of control of an acquired company.  
Any failure to successfully integrate such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect upon the business, 
results of operations or financial condition of Repsol. Any disposal of interests may also adversely affect 
Repsol’s financial condition, if such disposal results in a loss to Repsol. 
Should any such risks materialise, this could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO GEOPOLITICAL AND MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
Risks related to the location of Repsol’s activities. 
Parts of the Group’s oil and gas reserves and Repsol’s activities are located in countries or regions that are, 
or could in the future become, economically or politically unstable. This could lead to situations such as an 
increase of taxes and royalties, the establishment of production limits and volumes for exports, mandatory 
renegotiations or annulment of contracts, regulation of product prices, nationalisation, expropriation or 
confiscation of assets, loss of concessions, changes in government policies, changes in commercial customs 
and practices, currency exchange restrictions and delayed payments. These may in turn limit the Group’s 
ability to pursue new opportunities, affect the recoverability of the Group’s assets or cause it to incur 
additional costs, particularly due to the long-term nature of many of the Group’s projects and significant 
capital expenditure required. 
In addition, political changes may lead to changes in the business environment. Economic downturns, 
political instability, geopolitical tensions or civil disturbances may disrupt the Group’s supply chain or limit 
sales in the markets affected by such events and affect the safety of employees and contractors and the 
integrity of the Group’s assets (both physical and intangible).  
In general, but in particular in certain countries where the Group operates, Repsol is exposed to potential 
impacts deriving from acts of direct violence that may endanger the integrity of the Group’s assets, both 
tangible and intangible, and the safety and wellbeing of the persons linked to the Group as a result of the 
actions of persons or groups motivated by any interests, whether governmental or not, including, among other 
things, acts of terrorism, war, criminal activity, piracy or cyberattacks. 
As disclosed in Note 21.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021, the countries where Repsol was exposed to geopolitical risk as of 31 December 2021 were 
Venezuela, Libya and Algeria, where the Group’s combined proved reserves amounted to 417 Mboe as of

--- Page 20 ---
Page 17
31 December 2021 and the Group’s combined average production of such countries for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was 110 kboe/d.  
The exposure of the Group, its assets (including reserves) and employees to economically, socially or 
politically unstable countries or regions could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to uncertainty in the current economic context.  
The Group is directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in 
Spain, the other countries in which it operates and the global economy more generally. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a higher than usual degree of uncertainty in the current 
economic context, mainly due to the ongoing fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic and the heightened 
geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which have exacerbated inflationary pressures, 
supply chain bottlenecks and volatility in commodity and financial markets. 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect the global economy. Despite the progress made in the 
vaccination processes against COVID-19, the economic and social impact of the spread of COVID-19 is 
uncertain. The continuing economic recovery from the severe shock caused to the global economy by the 
pandemic depends on a number of factors, including the duration and spread of new outbreaks by existing or 
new virus variants, the progress of vaccinations (including, but not limited to, the development and 
availability of variant-specific vaccines and the roll-out and take-up of vaccinations) as well as the timing, 
suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed (or re-imposed) by governments and regional and local 
authorities to contain the spread of the virus. 
Furthermore, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022, economies around 
the world, including the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, announced the 
imposition of comprehensive trade sanctions targeting Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such 
sanctions, as well as the countersanctions imposed by Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in 
trading volumes between these economies and Russia, which has led increased commodity prices on global 
markets for oil, natural gas and wheat, among other products.  
The combined effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, the sanctions imposed in the context of the conflict in 
Ukraine are likely to have an adverse effect on business and consumer confidence and the global economy 
generally. There is a risk that lower business and consumer confidence and activity and an energy-fuelled 
inflation shock could result in higher unemployment rates and lower global economic growth at a time when 
the global economy is still recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank (ECB) has raised its inflation projections and cut 
its growth outlook as the conflict in Ukraine is likely to keep commodity prices high, weakening households’ 
purchasing power and firms’ ability to invest. The ECB has also decided to scale back its bond-buying 
stimulus plan initiated in March 2020 in response to inflation being driven up and plans to raise interest rates.  
The Group is exposed to the uncertain macroeconomic context in a number of ways:  
 
An economic downturn in any of the countries in which the Group operates may impact the Group’s 
customers, resulting in their inability to pay amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for 
the Group’s goods and services. For example, the widespread decline in global economic activity 
and indicators in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic affected the profitability of the Group’s main 
businesses. See sections 5.4 (COVID-19 impacts and subsequent events) and 4 (Financial 
performance and shareholder remuneration) of the Consolidated Management Report for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Should demand for crude oil, gas, electricity or oil derivatives drop beneath the Group’s forecasts as 
a result of an economic slowdown, the results of its main businesses would be adversely affected as

--- Page 21 ---
Page 18
this would affect business volume and the Group may suffer a loss of market share in its marketing 
business.  
 
An economic downturn also negatively affects the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange 
markets, including their liquidity. This might affect the reasonable value of financial assets and 
liabilities and increase the Group’s financing costs and its exposure to potential credit loss, all of 
which could give rise to an impairment of the goodwill and the intangible or tangible fixed assets of 
the Group. 
 
Other potential negative impacts could derive from the current economic, geopolitical and social 
instability, including, among other things, regulatory changes in the gas and electricity markets, 
deterioration of the Group’s reputation due to inflation, civil protests, supply interruption or rising 
costs or prices, deviation in the execution of investment projects, labour unrest, cyberattacks and 
sanctions.  
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the coming 
years or whether there will be a return to a recessive phase of the global economic cycle. Any further 
deterioration of the current economic situation in the markets in which the Group operates could have an 
adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO REPSOL’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and demand. 
World oil prices have fluctuated greatly in recent years and are driven by international supply and demand 
factors, which are beyond the Group’s control.  
International product prices are influenced by the price of crude oil and the demand for such products. Also, 
international prices of crude oil and products affect the refining margin. International oil prices and demand 
for crude oil may also fluctuate significantly during economic cycles. In addition to the macroeconomic 
environment, the scenarios associated with the energy transition process and the effects of climate change 
can also affect the price of other commodities such as electricity and emissions allowances and carbon credits.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the crude oil market is subject to significant volatility. In particular, 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has contributed to rising crude oil prices with the price of a barrel of Brent 
crude oil at the beginning of May 2022 hovering around U.S.$110, after reaching almost U.S.$130 at the 
beginning of March and falling below U.S.$100 two weeks after that. The increase in crude oil prices and 
the surge in volatility reflects the effects of the extensive sanctions levied by the United States, the European 
Union and others on Russian private and state-owned entities, as well as the risk of potential disruptions to 
crude oil, energy production and infrastructure related to the conflict. The international pressure on Europe 
to impose direct sanctions on Russian energy companies, Russian crude oil and natural gas production and 
exports has been increasing, making the imposition of sanctions on these matters highly likely in the coming 
months. The EU Commission President, Ursula von der Leyen, said in a speech to the EU Parliament that 
within the next sanctions package in relation to Russia, the Commission intends to phase out Russian crude 
oil within six months and refined products by the end of 2022. There is still no unanimity among members 
due to the high dependence on Russian crude imports of countries like Hungary and Slovakia. The imposition 
of any wider sanctions in the future or the cessation of oil and gas exports from Russia are likely to increase 
volatility even further. 
The increased risks to oil supplies presented by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine builds on a number of other 
factors that have been underpinning crude oil price increases for the past several months. According to the 
International Energy Agency (IEA), oil consumption has persistently been greater than oil production since 
mid-2020, contributing to a decline in global oil inventories in all but one month from June 2020 through 
February 2022. As a result, total commercial oil inventories in the OECD have fallen to their lowest levels 
since mid-2014. Moreover, several geopolitical disruptions contributed to increased risks in recent

--- Page 22 ---
Page 19
months. Port closures contributed to reduced crude oil production in Libya, while Houthi attacks targeting 
the UAE and political unrest in Kazakhstan also contributed to additional risks to global supplies. Several 
Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) members have also been unable to increase 
production in line with previously agreed on targets and the OPEC+ alliance announced on 2 March 2022 
not to increase output beyond the previously scheduled rise of 400 kb/d for now. While decreasing COVID-
19 cases and natural gas-to-oil switching in the electric power sector have contributed to demand increases, 
the evolution of demand remains a large uncertainty given the current difficult economic context. 
Regarding the gas market, and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, forward prices as of the beginning of 
2022 indicate that the high gas price environment is expected to last in the short-term. The current geopolitical 
landscape underpins significant uncertainty around Russian supply into Northwest Europe in the coming 
summer. A risk for potential supply disruption associated either with new sanctions (Russian or 
European/U.S.) or infrastructure damages cannot be ruled out. While the current sanctions regime is not 
directly impacting Russian piped gas exports, there can be no assurance that Russian supply of gas to Europe 
will not decline, be disrupted or cease. 
Reductions in crude oil and gas prices negatively affect Repsol’s profitability and the value of its exploration 
and production assets. Its investment plans may also have to change due to the delay, renegotiation or 
cancellation of projects. Likewise, any significant decrease in capital investments allocated to acquire, 
discover or develop new reserves could have an adverse effect on Repsol’s ability to replace its crude oil and 
gas reserves. Moreover, industrial and commercial activities are exposed to risks which are inherent to such 
activities, including potential reductions in profit margins or fluctuations in the demand of crude, gas or other 
reference products due to unexpected increases in prices of other commodities (such as electricity, emissions 
allowances and carbon credits), which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the business, financial 
position and results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to the Group’s estimation of its oil and gas reserves. 
In the estimation of proved and unproved oil and gas reserves, Repsol uses the criteria established by the 
“SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System”, commonly 
referred to by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 
The accuracy of these estimates depends on a number of different factors, assumptions and variables, such 
as exploration and development activities including drilling, testing and production. After the date of the 
estimate, the results of activities may entail substantial upward or downward corrections in the estimate based 
on the quality of available geological, technical and economic data used (including changes in hydrocarbon 
prices) and its interpretation and valuation. Moreover, the production performance of reservoirs and recovery 
rates depend significantly on available technologies as well as Repsol’s ability to implement them.  
As a result of the foregoing, estimates of reserves are not precise and are subject to revision. The estimate of 
proved and unproved reserves of oil and gas will also be subject to correction due to errors in the 
implementation of, and/or changes in, the standards published. Any downward revision in estimated 
quantities of proved reserves could adversely impact the Repsol Group, leading to increased depreciation, 
depletion and amortisation charges and/or impairment charges and, in turn, could have an adverse impact on 
the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons and the discovery and development of new 
reserves. 
Oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) activities are subject to particular risks, many of which are 
beyond Repsol’s control. These activities are exposed to production, facilities and transportation risks, errors 
or inefficiencies in operations management, purchasing processes and supply from contractors, natural 
hazards and other uncertainties relating to the physical characteristics of oil and gas fields, and their 
decommissioning. Furthermore, oil and gas exploration and development projects are complex in terms of 
their scale and by their very nature are susceptible to delays in execution and cost overruns with respect to

--- Page 23 ---
Page 20
initially-approved budgets. In addition to these risks, some of the Group’s development projects are located 
in deep waters, mature areas and other difficult environments such as the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, the North 
Sea, Brazil and the Amazon rainforest, or in complex oilfields, which could aggravate these risks further. 
Moreover, any means of transport of hydrocarbons implies inherent risks: during road, rail, maritime or pipe 
transportation, hydrocarbons or other hazardous substances may be spilled. This is a significant risk due to 
the potential impact a spill could have on the environment, biodiversity and on people, especially considering 
the high volume of products that can be carried at any one time. Should these risks materialise, Repsol may 
suffer major losses, interruptions to its operations and harm to its reputation.  
Repsol’s own exploration and production facilities, such as exploratory or production wells, surface facilities 
or oil platforms, both onshore and offshore, are exposed to accidents such as fires, explosions, toxic product 
leaks and environmental incidents with a large potential impact. Such accidents may cause death and injury 
to employees, contractors, residents in surrounding areas, as well as damage to the assets and property owned 
by Repsol and third parties as well as damage to the environment. The Repsol Group is exposed to impacts 
from any type of damage or temporary interruption of service associated with accidents in operations or 
involving land, sea, river and air transport vehicles for people, substances, goods and equipment. 
Moreover, Repsol depends on the replacement of depleted oil and gas reserves with new proved reserves in 
a cost-effective manner for subsequent production to be economically viable. Repsol’s ability to acquire or 
discover new reserves is, however, subject to a number of risks. For example, drilling may involve negative 
results, not only with respect to dry wells, but also with respect to wells that are productive but do not produce 
sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs are taken into account.  
If Repsol fails to acquire or discover, and, thereafter, develop new oil and gas reserves in a cost-effective 
manner, or if any of the risks referred to above were to materialise, its business, financial position and results 
of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. 
Risks related to Repsol’s natural gas trading operations.  
Natural gas prices tend to vary between the different regions in which Repsol operates as a result of 
significantly different supply, demand and regulatory circumstances, and such prices may be lower than 
prevailing prices in other regions of the world. In addition, excess supply conditions that exist in some regions 
cannot be utilised in other regions due to a lack of infrastructure and difficulties in transporting natural gas. 
Repsol has entered into long-term contracts to purchase and supply natural gas in various parts of the world. 
These contracts have different pricing formulas, which could result in higher purchase prices than the price 
at which such gas could be sold in increasingly liberalised markets. Furthermore, gas availability could be 
subject to the risk of counterparties breaching their contractual obligations. Thus, it might be necessary for 
Repsol to seek other sources of natural gas in the event of non-delivery from any of these sources, which 
could require payment of higher prices than those envisaged under the breached contracts. 
Repsol also has long-term contracts to sell and deliver gas to customers which present additional types of 
risks as they are pegged to existing proved reserves in these countries. Should available reserves in these 
countries prove insufficient, Repsol might not be able to satisfy its obligations under these contracts, some 
of which include penalty clauses for breach of contract.  
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Operating risks related to industrial businesses and the marketing of the Group’s products. 
The refining, chemical, trading, and production and distribution activities related to oil derivative products, 
gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), as well as the generation and commercialisation of electricity are 
exposed to risks which are inherent to their activities, including deviations in operational performance, supply 
chain risks, natural hazards and other uncertainties related to the products’ specific characteristics

--- Page 24 ---
Page 21
(flammability and toxicity), their use (including that of customers), emissions resulting from the production 
process (such as greenhouse gas effects), as well as the materials and waste used (dangerous waste, as well 
as water and energy management), which might impact health, safety and the environment. Repsol’s 
industrial and commercial assets, such as refineries, petrochemical complexes, regasification plants, power 
generation plants, bases and warehouses, port facilities, pipelines, ships, tanker trucks, service stations, etc.) 
are also exposed to accidents such as fires, explosions, leaks of toxic products, as well as large-scale 
contaminating environmental incidents. Such accidents may cause death and injury to employees, 
contractors, residents in surrounding areas, as well as damage to the assets and property owned by Repsol 
and third parties as well as damage to the environment and biodiversity. For example, on 15 January 2022, 
an oil spill occurred at Repsol’s facilities of La Pampilla Refinery in Peru when an abnormal movement of 
the Italian ship Mare Doricum during the unloading of crude oil broke the pipeline end manifold. The spill 
has had an impact on people and the natural environment, as well as on marine species off the coast of Peru. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the first response cleaning operation of the affected areas has been 
completed. There can be no assurance that any similar or other incident may occur and adversely impact 
Repsol’s business, results of operations or reputation. 
Industrial and commercial activities take place in a highly competitive environment. Refining and 
commercialisation margins may be affected by a number of factors, such as low demand arising from a 
deterioration in the economic situation of the countries in which Repsol’s Industrial and Commercial and 
Renewables business segments operate, the high price of crude oil and other raw materials, the trends of 
production-related energy costs and other commodities, excess refining capacity in Europe, and the growing 
competition from refineries in other areas where production costs are lower. Commercial businesses compete 
with international hydrocarbons industry operators as well as with other non-oil entities (supermarket chains 
as well as other commercial operators) to acquire or open service stations. Repsol’s service stations mainly 
compete based on price, service, and the availability of non-oil products.  
If any of these risks materialise, the activities of Repsol, its operational results and financial position could 
be significantly and adversely affected. 
Repsol is subject to risks relating to project execution and supply chain.  
Repsol’s organic growth depends on its ability to build and maintain a resilient portfolio in a variety of market 
contexts, which entails the creation or development of a portfolio of high-quality assets resulting not only 
from an efficient selection process, but also from guaranteeing their execution, through their entire life, from 
their inception to their decommissioning.  
However, the execution of such projects, which is sometimes carried out in extremely challenging conditions, 
is exposed to risks of a diverse nature, including geological, technical, economic, commercial, legal and 
regulatory risks, as well as those related to safety, environmental, and sustainability.  
Furthermore, as project execution also depends on the performance of third parties (including suppliers of 
goods, services and equipment, partners in joint arrangements, associates, governments and other parties) 
which are not under the direct control of Repsol, the Group is exposed to execution and reputational risks 
through such entities. These risks may compromise the deliverability of goods and services, the compliance 
with pre-agreed budgets and deadlines, and the fulfilment of defined specifications and/or operational 
reliability of Repsol’s projects. Accordingly, this could prevent or otherwise adversely affect the successful 
execution of the Group’s projects under agreed technical and financial conditions, and, accordingly, have a 
negative impact on the value of the Group’s assets, results of operations and financial position.  
The supply chain risk events can occur as a result of a variety of causes, including but not limited to the 
socio-political context, labour conflicts, operational performance issues or accidents. The disruptions in 
logistics and supply chains following the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the geopolitical tensions following 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have exacerbated supply chain bottlenecks and volatility in prices as well as 
the ability of manufacturers and contractors to deliver products, goods and services to meet project deadlines,

--- Page 25 ---
Page 22
all of which may impact not only project execution, but the performance of the Group’s business activities 
as well. 
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of Repsol. 
Risks related to operations carried out through joint arrangements and associate companies.   
Certain of the Repsol Group’s business opportunities and operations are conducted through joint 
arrangements and associates (for further information see Note 13 and Annex I to the Guarantor’s consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021). There are certain risks that derive from these 
joint arrangements and associates, including risks relating to the potential unavailability of qualified partners 
to jointly develop business opportunities or conflicting views on the business plans to be developed. If Repsol 
does not act as the operator on those projects or operations, its ability to control and influence the performance 
and management of the operations and to identify and manage risk is limited. Additionally, there is a 
possibility that any of Repsol’s partners or members of a joint venture or associated company terminates the 
agreement or fails to comply with its financial or other obligations, which, in turn, could damage Repsol’s 
reputation. Any such event could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and results of 
operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to information technology. 
The reliability and security of the Group’s information technology (IT) systems are critical to maintaining 
the availability of its business processes and the confidentiality and integrity of the data belonging to the 
Group and third parties. 
The Group is in particular exposed to: 
 
unavailability of critical IT infrastructure (central and local, including owned or external 
infrastructure), as well as critical system services (internal and external applications/platforms); and 
 
cyber-attacks of any type, including contamination with malware affecting the availability and 
integrity of critical systems and its information, attacks specifically designed to target Repsol’s 
assets, theft of confidential information, theft of personal data, whether from customers, employees 
or other parties and external fraud through fraudulent mail, impersonation or phishing. 
The Repsol Group cannot guarantee that it will not suffer economic and/or material losses in the future caused 
by such events. Any such event could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results 
of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the Group’s insurance coverage.  
Repsol holds insurance coverage against certain risks inherent in the oil and gas industry in line with industry 
practice. Insurance coverage is subject to deductibles and limits that in certain cases may be materially 
exceeded by the losses and/or liabilities incurred. In addition, Repsol’s insurance policies contain exclusions 
that could leave the Group with limited coverage in certain circumstances. Repsol may also be unable to 
recover losses, in part or at all, in the event of the insolvency of its insurers. Furthermore, Repsol may not be 
able to maintain adequate insurance at rates or on terms considered reasonable or acceptable to Repsol, or be 
able to obtain insurance against certain risks that could materialise in the future. If Repsol were to experience 
an incident against which it is not insured, or the costs of which materially exceed its coverage, it could have 
an adverse effect on its business, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
Page 23
4. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Risks related to administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings. 
The Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings, the scope, 
content and outcome of which cannot be predicted with precision. As of 31 December 2021, Repsol had 
recorded provisions for administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings amounting to €779 million 
(compared to €891 million as of 31 December 2020). For more information, see Note 15 to the Guarantor’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the section entitled 
“Description of the Guarantor and the Group⸻Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
In addition, the Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative and judicial proceedings with tax 
implications arising between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment applicable to 
certain operations that might be adverse to the Group’s interest and that have given rise to litigious situations 
that could result in contingent tax liabilities. It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings will be 
resolved due to the extensive appeals process. As of 31 December 2021, Repsol had recorded tax provisions 
amounting to €1,547 million (compared to €1,677 million as of 31 December 2020). For more information, 
see Note 23 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Any current or future dispute inevitably involves a high degree of uncertainty and therefore any adverse 
outcome could affect the business, financial position and results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
Risks related to the regulatory, tax framework and environmental and safety legislation of the Group’s 
operations. 
The energy industry and the Group’s activity is heavily and increasingly regulated. The regulatory framework 
to which the Group is currently subject affects aspects such as the environment (environmental product 
quality, air emissions, climate change and energy efficiency, extraction technologies, water discharges, 
remediation of soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transport, treatment and final disposal of 
waste materials), competition, price control, taxation, employment, industrial safety and IT security, 
accounting and transparency regulations, labour regulations and data protection provisions among others. 
Any changes that may be made to the applicable standards or their interpretation or any disputes relating to 
their compliance may adversely affect the business, results and financial position of the Repsol Group. 
Upstream activities are subject to extensive regulation and intervention by governments, such as the award 
of exploration and production permits, the imposition of specific drilling and exploration obligations, 
restrictions on production, price controls, divestments of assets, foreign currency controls, and the 
nationalisation, expropriation or cancellation of contractual rights. Repsol’s Upstream activities are described 
in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business overview—Upstream”. 
Likewise, in the Industrial business segment, oil refining and petrochemical activities, in general, are subject 
to extensive government regulation and intervention in matters such as safety and environmental controls. 
Repsol’s Industrial activities are described in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business 
overview—Industrial”. The Commercial and Renewables business segment, as well as the retail of oil 
products, electricity and gas, are subject to extensive government regulation and intervention in matters such 
as safety as well as environmental, market and price controls. Repsol’s Commercial and Renewables 
activities are described in “Information on the Guarantor and the Group—Business overview—Commercial 
and Renewables”. 
Specifically, Repsol is subject to extensive environmental and safety regulations in all the countries in which 
it operates. These regulations affect, among other matters, Repsol’s operations, environmental quality 
standards for products, air emissions and climate change, energy efficiency, extraction technologies, water 
discharges, remediation of soil and groundwater and the generation, storage, transportation, treatment and 
final disposal of waste materials and safety.

--- Page 27 ---
Page 24
Repsol operates unconventional hydrocarbons activities in Canada and the United States. From an 
environmental and social standpoint, concern over the environmental impact of exploring for and producing 
these types of resources could prompt governments and authorities to approve new regulations or impose 
new requirements on their development.  
In addition, the energy sector, and particularly the oil and gas industry, is subject to a unique tax framework. 
In Upstream activities it is common to see specific taxes on profit and production, and with respect to the 
Industrial and Commercial and Renewables business segments, the existence of taxes on product 
consumption is also common.  
Repsol cannot predict changes to such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the implementation of 
certain policies. Any such changes could have an adverse impact on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group.  
Risks related to sanctions.  
The European Union, its Member States, the United States of America and various other countries, as well 
as the United Nations, may impose economic and trade sanctions or embargoes with respect to certain 
countries in support of their respective foreign policy and security goals. These economic and trade sanctions 
or embargoes generate restrictions with respect to activities or transactions with countries, governments, 
entities or individuals that are the target of the corresponding sanctions, such as those related to activities in 
Venezuela or related to Russian counterparties.  
While Repsol has always been, and is fully committed to, complying with any applicable international 
regulations on sanctions and embargoes and has not been sanctioned and does not engage in, and does not 
expect to engage in, any actions that would cause it to breach any sanctions regime applicable to it, there can 
be no assurance that Repsol’s operations will not be affected by international sanctions in the future, which 
could have an adverse effect on its financial position, businesses, or results of operations.  
Risks related to misconduct or violations of applicable legislation by Repsol or its employees. 
In the development of Repsol’s activities, its directors, executives and employees, who perform duties which 
involve relationships with counterparties such as authorities, partners and contractors, among others, could 
potentially commit breaches of the Group’s internal Ethics and Business Conduct Code, therefore failing to 
comply with the principles of corporate loyalty, good faith, integrity and respect for the law and the ethical 
values defined by the Group. Potential breaches include, but are not limited to, corruption or other criminal 
offences, fraudulent disclosure of financial or non-financial information, market manipulation, tax fraud and 
human rights violations. 
The existence of management or employee misconduct or breach of applicable legislation or the Group’s 
internal code, when occurring, could cause harm to the Group’s reputation, in addition to incurring sanctions 
and legal or criminal liability. 
5. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Market risk. 
Repsol’s results of operations and shareholders’ equity are exposed to market risks due to fluctuations in (i) 
commodity prices, (ii) the exchange rates of the currencies in which the Group operates, and (iii) interest 
rates. These risks are also particularly susceptible to geopolitical events, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
and the wider global economic environment. 
(i) 
Commodity price risk. In the normal course of operations and trading activities, the earnings of the 
Repsol Group are exposed to volatility in the price of oil, natural gas, CO2 emission allowances, 
electricity prices and related derivative products (see also “—Risks Related to Repsol’s Business

--- Page 28 ---
Page 25
Activities and Industry—Risks related to fluctuations in international commodity prices and 
demand” and “—Risks Related To Repsol’s Business Activities and Industry—Risks related to 
Repsol’s natural gas operations” above). Therefore, changes in prices of crude oil, natural gas and 
their derivatives could have an adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial 
position. 
(ii) 
Exchange rate fluctuation risk. Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the results of 
transactions and the value of Repsol’s equity. In general, this exposure to fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates stems from the fact that the Group has assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated 
in a currency other than the functional currency of the Repsol Group. Cash flows generated by oil, 
natural gas and refined product sales are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. Repsol is also 
exposed to exchange risk in relation to the value of its financial assets and investments, 
predominantly those denominated in U.S. dollars. 
In addition, cash flows from transactions carried out in the countries where Repsol conducts its 
activities are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates of the respective local currencies 
against the major currencies in which the raw materials used as reference for the fixing of prices in 
the local currency are traded. Repsol’s financial statements are expressed in euros and, consequently, 
the assets and liabilities of subsidiary investee companies with a different functional currency are 
translated into euros. 
(iii) 
Interest rate risk. The market value of the Group’s net financing and net interest expenses could be 
affected as a consequence of interest rate fluctuations which could affect the interest income and 
interest cost of financial assets and liabilities tied to floating interest rates, as well as the fair value 
of financial assets and liabilities tied to a fixed interest rate.  
Although, when considered appropriate, Repsol may decide to hedge the interest rate risk by means 
of derivative financial instruments for which there is a liquid market, these hedging mechanisms are 
limited and, therefore, could be insufficient. Consequently, changes in interest rates could have an 
adverse effect on the Repsol Group’s business, results and financial position. 
For further additional details on these financial risks, see Note 9 and Note 10, which includes the sensitivity 
of the net profit/loss and equity, to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Credit risk. 
Credit risk is the risk of a third party failing to carry out its contractual obligations resulting in a cost or loss 
to the Group. 
The exposure of the Group to credit risk is mainly attributable to commercial debts from trading transactions, 
which are measured and controlled in relation to customers or individual third parties. To this end, the Group 
has, in line with best practices, its own systems for a constant monitoring of the creditworthiness of all its 
debtors and determining risk limits with respect to third parties. 
As a general rule, the Group establishes a bank guarantee issued by financial entities as the most suitable 
instrument of protection from credit risk. In some cases, the Group has taken out credit insurance policies to 
transfer partially the credit risk related to the commercial activity of some of its businesses to third parties. 
Additionally, the Group is exposed to counterparty risk derived from non-commercial contractual 
transactions that may lead to defaults. In these cases, the Group analyses the solvency of counterparties with 
which the Group has or may have non-commercial contractual transactions. Any breach of payment 
obligations by Repsol’s customers and counterparties, in the agreed time frame and form, could result in an 
adverse effect on Repsol’s business, results or financial position.

--- Page 29 ---
Page 26
The exposure of the Group to credit risk is mainly attributable to commercial debts from trading transactions, 
which are measured and controlled in relation to customers or individual third parties.  
For further information see, Note 10.3 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Credit rating risk.  
Credit rating agencies regularly rate the Group, and their ratings are based on, among other things, external 
factors, such as the conditions that affect the oil and gas sector, the general state of the economy and the 
performance of the financial markets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term credit ratings of the Guarantor are as follows: 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
Moody’s 
Fitch Ratings 
Long-term credit rating 
of the Guarantor 
BBB (positive outlook) 
Baa2 (stable outlook) 
BBB (stable outlook) 
Credit ratings affect the pricing and other conditions under which the Repsol Group is able to obtain 
financing. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Moreover, there has been an increasing regulatory and market focus on the impact of Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) factors on credit ratings in the recent past. As a global energy group, Repsol is 
particularly exposed to risks associated with climate change. See “—Risks Relating to Climate Change and 
to the Group’s Strategy—Risks related to climate change”. As a result, any risks associated with climate 
change or any failure by the Group (whether real or perceived) to mitigate such risks or to successfully 
execute its energy transition strategy could have an adverse effect on Repsol’s credit rating in the future. 
Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Guarantor could restrict or limit the Group’s access to the financial 
markets, increase its new borrowing costs and have a negative effect on its liquidity. 
Liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is associated with the Group’s ability to finance its obligations at reasonable market prices, as 
well as its ability to carry out its business plans with stable financing sources. 
In the case that Repsol were unable to meet its needs for liquidity in the future or needed to be required to 
incur increased costs to meet them, this could have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and 
results of operations of the Repsol Group. 
For further information, see Note 10.2 to the Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Achieving Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) Targets or any similar sustainability performance targets may 
require the Group to expend significant resources, while not meeting any such targets would result in 
increased cost of funding and could expose the Group to reputational harm. 
Achieving any CII Targets (as defined in the Conditions) will require the Group to reduce the emissions 
derived from the Group’s activity, as well as those associated with the use of fuel products derived from 
primary energy production (oil and natural gas). As a result, achieving CII Targets in respect of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (SLNs) or any similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose 
to include in future financings or other arrangements will require the Group to expend significant resources.

--- Page 30 ---
Page 27
In addition, if the Group does not achieve the relevant CII Targets in respect of any SLNs or any such similar 
sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings, it would not 
only result in increased payments under the SLNs (either in the form of one or more interest rate step ups or 
in the form of one or more additional payments upon redemption) but could also harm the Group’s reputation, 
the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business, 
financial position and results of operations. 
(II) RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics. 
Although the Notes may be issued as SLNs, such SLNs may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any 
binding or non-binding standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (either now or in 
the future). In particular, the SLNs are not being marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainability 
bonds” as the net proceeds of the issue of the SLNs will be used for the Group’s general corporate purposes 
and are therefore not necessarily be used for the financing or refinancing of green, social or sustainable assets 
or projects. Accordingly, none of the Issuers or the Guarantor commits to (i) allocating the net proceeds 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) being subject to any other 
limitations or requirements regarding the use of proceeds that may be associated with green bonds, social 
bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market.  
In the context of the Group’s commitment to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, the Group has 
developed a CII expressed, on a net basis, in grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) 
that measures CO2e emissions for every unit of energy that Repsol makes available to society. The CII is the 
basis for setting emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions by 2050 and each SLN 
will specify one or more of such reduction targets as the sustainability performance targets for the purposes 
of the SLN. The CII is uniquely tailored to Repsol’s business, operations and capabilities, and does not easily 
lend itself to benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, 
of other issuers.  
Although the Group intends to reduce its CII, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in doing so, that it may decide not to continue with seeking to achieve the SPTs set forth in the 
relevant Final Terms or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of such SPTs will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by the Group’s transition financing framework (the 
Framework) or other governing rules or any investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact. Furthermore, none of the Dealers, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent (if any) is obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Trigger 
Event in relation to SLNs has occurred or has any liability in respect thereof. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee, any 
second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Notes will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding the SLNs or the Group’s sustainability performance targets or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve 
the SPTs from the offering of SLNs.

--- Page 31 ---
Page 28
The Group’s ability to meet its emissions reduction targets. 
Although the Group intends to achieve its emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions 
by 2050, there can be no assurance of the extent to which the Group will be successful in doing so or that 
any future investments it makes in furtherance of this target will meet investor expectations or any binding 
or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own internal requirements. It will not be an Event of Default under 
any SLNs if the relevant Issuer fails to meet the emissions reduction targets specified for the relevant SLN.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with the offering of the 
Notes. 
In connection with Notes issued as SLNs, Green Bonds or Transition Bonds, no assurance or representation 
is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with 
the issue of any such Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects 
to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, transition and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification 
(including, but not limited to, the Assurance Report (as defined in Condition 4 (Sustainability-Linked Notes)) 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Dealers, any second party opinion providers, the Assurance Provider or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
such Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Dealers, 
any second party opinion providers, the Assurance Provider or any other person for the contents of any such 
opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued.  
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, certification or 
validation and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, certification or 
validation for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion, certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion, certification or validation is opining on or certifying on may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, while, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework has the benefit of a second party 
opinion issued by Institutional Shareholder Services Inc., the Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time by the Guarantor and there can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to obtain any 
second party opinion in respect of the Framework as so amended or updated from time to time. 
The Group’s ability and autonomy to calculate its CII.   
SLNs include certain triggers linked to the Group’s CII, which is calculated and not a measured number. The 
CII calculations are carried out internally (i.e., by the Group itself, based on broadly accepted standards) and, 
in respect of any SLNs, will be verified externally by an Assurance Provider (as defined in the Conditions) 
under the standard for assurance over non-financial information “ISAE 3000” or similar industry-accepted 
standards. However, the standards and guidelines may change over time and investors should be aware that 
the way in which the Group calculates its CII may also change over time. 
For example, in calculating the CII for the relevant CII Reference Year, and after consultation with the 
Assurance Provider, the Guarantor may exclude the impact of any material amendment to, or change in, any 
applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating to the business of the Group, which occurs 
between the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs and the last day of the relevant CII Reference Year.

--- Page 32 ---
Page 29
Risks related to Green Bonds and Transition Bonds.   
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to, or invested by the 
relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group, for use by such companies for general corporate 
purposes or any particular purpose defined in the applicable Final Terms of an issue or specifically to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects in accordance 
with prescribed eligibility criteria set forth in the Framework from time to time (any such Notes, Green 
Bonds and Transition Bonds, respectively). See also the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” for further detail.  
Regardless of whether any Green Bonds or Transition Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the 
Trustee, any second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the use of such proceeds for any 
Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects.  
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of 
Green Bonds and Transition Bonds for Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects, as applicable, 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Framework from time to time, there can be no assurance 
that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects or Transition 
Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects. None of the Trustee, the Dealers or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent shall be responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any such Notes. In addition, there 
can be no assurance that such Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer.  
Although the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green Eligible Projects 
or Transition Eligible Projects to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds or Transition Bonds so specified 
in, or substantially in accordance with, the eligibility criteria set forth in the Framework from time to time, it 
would not be an Event of Default under the Green Bonds or Transition Bonds if such obligations are not 
complied with for whatever reason.  
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds or Transition Bonds in connection with Green 
Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects, as applicable, or any failure to meet, or continue to meet the 
eligibility criteria, or the withdrawal of any second-party opinion, or any such Green Bonds or Transition 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds or Transition Bonds and also potentially the value 
of any other Green Bonds or Transition Bonds which are intended by either Issuer to finance Green Eligible 
Projects or Transition Eligible Projects or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves whether the proposed Green Bonds or Transition Bonds meet their requisite investment criteria 
and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary to reach their own conclusions as to the merits of 
investing in any such Green Bonds or Transition Bonds.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “transition” or an equivalently-labelled project or as 
to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “transition” or such 
other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. Accordingly, no assurance

--- Page 33 ---
Page 30
is or can be given (whether by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Dealers, the Arranger, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or any other person) to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Eligible Projects or Transition Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “transition” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
Risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The principal of, or any interest on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more 
Specified Currencies. For Noteholders whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Noteholder’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency in which the related Notes 
are denominated, an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a Note denominated and payable in such Noteholder’s Currency.  
Such risks include the possibility of significant changes in the rate of exchange between the applicable 
Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of 
exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such Specified Currency or the Noteholder’s 
Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which Repsol has no control.  
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which a Note 
is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such Note. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks.  
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the BMR) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the he European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK BMR) apply to “contributors”, 
“administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a material 
impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR or the UK BMR. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark.  
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Conditions 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) and 4(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation).

--- Page 34 ---
Page 31
For example, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is unavailable, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are 
not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such 
Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was unavailable.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(k)) occurs (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. If a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate is determined, it may be necessary to make Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 4(k)(iv). The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to be referenced. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the relevant ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks.  
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR or UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer. 
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to early 
redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer in certain circumstances. See Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options). An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 35 ---
Page 32
Risks related to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to SONIA. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to the London Interbank Offered Rate. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average 
SONIA rate over a designated term). As a result, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to 
Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a 
SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in the Notes which 
reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Notes. Further, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a result 
of an Event of Default under Condition 8 (Events of Default) are redeemed early on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall 
only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not 
be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such 
Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to 
effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of Notes since the relevant 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If 
the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate

--- Page 36 ---
Page 33
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Specified Denominations. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination shown in the relevant Final Terms. Such Final Terms 
may also state that the Notes will be tradable in the Specified Denomination and integral multiples in excess 
thereof but which are smaller than the Specified Denomination. Where such Notes are traded in the clearing 
systems, it is possible that the clearing systems may process trades which could result in amounts being held 
in denominations smaller than the Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are required to be issued in relation to such Notes, a holder who does not hold a principal 
amount of Notes at least equal to the Specified Denomination in his account at the relevant time, may not 
receive all of his entitlement in the form of Definitive Notes and, consequently, may not be able to receive 
interest or principal in respect of all of his entitlement, unless and until such time as his holding becomes at 
least equal to the Specified Denomination.  
2. RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES 
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation.  
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, 
they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain (currently, at a 19% rate) on any 
payments made by the Guarantor in respect of interest.  
Such interest withholding tax would not apply, among other things, when the recipient is either (a) resident 
for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain) or in a member State of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of information, not 
acting through a territory considered as a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law nor through a permanent 
establishment in Spain, provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax residence 
certificate, issued by the competent tax authorities, (b) resident in a country which has entered into a Tax 
Treaty with Spain which provides for the exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, 
provided that such person submits to the Guarantor the relevant tax resident certificate, issued by the 
competent tax authorities, or (c) a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged.  
It may be difficult for Holders to enforce judgments obtained before English courts against RIF in the 
Netherlands or REF in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Following the UK departure from the European Union, the main EU instruments on jurisdiction and 
enforcement of judgments – namely Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the Recast Brussels Regulation) and 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) – no longer apply to civil and 
commercial cases commenced in the UK on or after 1 January 2021.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 34
As a result, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts can no longer benefit from the 
recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
Spain) under the Recast Brussels Regulation or the Lugano Convention. While the UK applied to re-accede 
to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, the European Union rejected the UK’s 
accession on 4 May 2021. As the agreement of all participating states of the Lugano Convention is necessary 
for such accession, the rejection of the European Union means that the United Kingdom cannot accede to the 
Lugano Convention for the time being. 
On 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on Choice of 
Court Agreements 2005 (the Hague Convention). The Hague Convention is an international convention 
which requires contracting states to recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of other 
contracting states and to enforce related judgments. While the UK’s accession to the Hague Convention 
preserves the status quo between the UK and the EU in many respects as to matters of jurisdiction and 
enforcement, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts with exclusive jurisdiction clauses 
and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised on exactly the same terms and in the same 
conditions as under the Recast Brussels Regulation. In addition, it is unlikely that so-called “asymmetric 
exclusive jurisdiction” clauses, such as Condition 17.2, would be considered “exclusive” for the purposes of 
the Hague Convention.  
Therefore, unless and until the UK is able to accede to the Lugano Convention in the future, and if 
proceedings fall outside the scope of the Hague Convention, then UK and EU member state courts will have 
recourse to their own domestic laws and conflict of law rules to determine questions of jurisdiction and 
enforceability of judgments. For example, it is expected that a final and conclusive civil judgment for the 
payment of money rendered by a court in England against the Guarantor under the Notes which is enforceable 
in England should be capable of being recognised and enforced by the Spanish courts according and subject 
to the limitations set forth in articles 41 et seq. of the Spanish Law on International Legal Cooperation in 
Civil Matters (Ley de Cooperación Jurídica Internacional en materia civil) and article 523 of the Spanish 
Law of Civil Procedure (Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil).  
Conversely, any such judgment obtained against RIF or REF, as applicable, will, in principle, neither be 
recognised nor enforceable in the Netherlands, unless the Convention between the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland providing for the Reciprocal 
Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil Matters of 1968 proves applicable, or the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg.  
However, with regards to Notes issued by RIF, a final judgment obtained in an English court and not rendered 
by default (verstek) and which is not subject to appeal or other means of contestation and is enforceable in 
England with respect to the obligations of RIF under the Notes may be relitigated before a competent Dutch 
court and should generally be upheld and be regarded by a Dutch court of competent jurisdiction as 
conclusive evidence when asked to render a judgment in accordance with that judgment by an English court, 
without substantive re-examination or re-litigation on the merits of the subject matter thereof. The foregoing 
assumes that the judgment has been rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with the 
principles of natural justice, its content and enforcement do not conflict with Dutch public policy and that it 
has not been rendered in proceedings of a criminal or tax or other public law nature. 
With regards to Notes issued by REF, according to Luxembourg case law, a valid judgment obtained from a 
court of competent jurisdiction in England outside the scope of the Hague Convention would be recognised 
and enforced by the courts of Luxembourg, without reconsideration of the merits, subject to the following 
conditions: 
(a) 
the judgment of the foreign court must be enforceable (exécutoire) in the jurisdiction in 
which the judgment was rendered;

--- Page 38 ---
Page 35
(b) 
the foreign court must have had jurisdiction according to the Luxembourg conflict of 
jurisdictions rules;  
(c) 
the foreign court must have applied to the matter submitted to it the proper law designated 
by the Luxembourg conflict of laws rules (although some first instance decisions rendered 
in Luxembourg – which have not been confirmed by the Court of Appeal – no longer apply 
this condition); 
(d) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not have been obtained by fraud, but in compliance 
with the procedural rules of the jurisdiction in which the judgment was rendered, in 
particular, in compliance with the rights of the defendant; and 
(e) 
the judgment of the foreign court must not be contrary to Luxembourg international public 
policy (ordre public international), which includes the fundamental concepts of 
Luxembourg Law that the courts of Luxembourg may deem to be of such significance so as 
to exclude the recognition of any foreign judgement deemed to be contrary in its results to 
those fundamental concepts. 
Therefore, the enforcement by Holders in the Netherlands of a judgment obtained against RIF, or in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of a judgment obtained against REF, in the courts of England may be difficult 
and could be subject to significant delays and costs. 
Liquidity risks. 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance of a secondary 
market for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The secondary market for the 
Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor, the method of calculating the principal or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time 
remaining to the maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, any redemption features of 
such Notes, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. Such factors will also affect the market 
value of the Notes.  
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, and may therefore 
have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless such investor understands and is able to bear the 
risk that certain Notes may not be readily saleable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that 
such fluctuations may be significant.  
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other instruments issued at a substantial discount from 
their principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do such prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of 
comparable maturities.  
Investors whose investment activities are subject to legal investment laws and regulations or to review or 
regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain types of debt 
securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. 
Risks related to ratings of the Notes. 
The ratings ascribed to the Notes, if any, reflect only the views of the rating agencies and, in assigning the 
ratings, the rating agencies take into consideration the credit quality of the Issuers and the Guarantor (i.e., 
their ability to pay their debts when due) and structural features and other aspects of the transaction. These

--- Page 39 ---
Page 36
credit ratings may not, however, fully reflect the potential impact of risks relating to structure, market or 
other factors discussed in this Base Prospectus on the value of the Notes. 
There can be no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be 
reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies (or any of them) as a result of 
changes in, or unavailability of, information or if, in the rating agencies’ judgment, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
Future events, including events affecting the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Repsol Group and/or 
circumstances relating to the oil industry generally could have a material adverse impact on the ratings of the 
Notes. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will depend, among other things, on 
certain underlying characteristics of the business and financial position of either of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor, as applicable. 
Risks related to modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions contain provisions for the calling of meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to 
(i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of Notes, or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 11 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the price of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
Page 37
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below, which have been filed with the CSSF, shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. As long as any of the Notes are outstanding, this Base 
Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and each document incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus will be available for inspection, free of charge, at the specified offices of each of the Issuers, 
during normal business hours, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu and on 
the website of the Guarantor at:  
(A) 
The unaudited Guarantor’s interim consolidated results as of and for the three-month period ended 
31 March 2022: https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-
inversores/cnmv/2022/ori28042022-q1-2022-results.pdf 
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 (the Annual Report 2021): 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-inversores/informes-
anuales/2021/consolidated-annual-financial-report-2021.pdf   
(C) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, the 
auditors’ report thereon and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 (the Annual Report 2020): 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/2020-consolidated-annual-financial-report_tcm14-
209133.pdf 
(D) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) as of and 
for 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-
inversores/cnmv/2022/ori17022022_information-oil-and-gas-ep-activities-2021.pdf 
(E) 
The audited standalone annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the 
audit 
report 
thereon, 
as 
of 
and 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/informe-
financiero-ref-2021.pdf  
(F) 
The audited standalone annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the 
audit 
report 
thereon, 
as 
of 
and 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/ref-financial-report-2020_tcm14-213045.pdf  
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/es/accionistas-e-inversores/pdf/2021-annual-
financial-report-auditors-report.pdf  
(H) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/annual-financial-report-2020_tcm14-211211.pdf  
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 84 to 122 of the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/content/dam/repsol-corporate/en_gb/accionistas-e-inversores/pdfs/base-
prospectus-folleto-base-registrado-fecha-07-mayo-2021_tcm14-213913.PDF 
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”:

--- Page 41 ---
Page 38
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/base_prospectus_registered_on_april_3_2020_tcm14-
178050.pdf  
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/emtn_base_prospectus_2019_tcm14-151786.pdf 
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2016_tcm14-43655.pdf 
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2015__tcm14-71226.pdf 
(N) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”: 
https://www.repsol.com/imagenes/global/en/REP_2014_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_registered_tcm1
4-63565.pdf 
The page references indicated for documents (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) and (H) below are to the page 
numbering of the electronic copies of such documents as available at the links set forth above. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page 
references 
(A) 
The unaudited Guarantor’s interim consolidated results as of and for the three-month period 
ended 31 March 2022: 
 
(a)  
 Solid 
performance 
in 
a 
very 
volatile 
environment
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
3 
(b)  
 1Q22: 
Adjusted 
Net 
Income 
€1,056 
million
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
4-5 
(c)  
Net 
income 
performance 
by 
business 
segment
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
6-13 
(d)  
Adjusted 
cash 
flow 
statement 
analysis
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
14 
(e)  
Net 
debt 
evolution 
and 
liquidity
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
15 
(f)  
Relevant 
events
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
16-21 
(g)  
Appendices
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
22-40 
- 
Appendix 
I 
– 
Metrics 
by 
business 
segments
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
22-27 
- 
Appendix 
II 
– 
Repsol’s 
reporting 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
28-31 
- 
Appendix 
III 
– 
IFRS 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
32-37 
- 
Appendix 
IV 
– 
Basis 
of 
presentation
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
38-40 
 
 
(B) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, 
the auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021:

--- Page 42 ---
Page 39
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements  
4-13 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol Group 
for the financial year 2021: 
14-125 
- 
Balance 
sheet 
at 
31 
December 
2021 
and 
2020
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
15 
- 
Income 
statement 
for 
the 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
and 
2020
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
16 
- 
Statement of recognised profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
17 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
18 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
19 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
2021 
consolidated 
financial 
statements
 .................................................................................................................................. 
20-92 
- 
Appendix Ia – Main companies comprising the Repsol Group at 31 December 2021
 .................................................................................................................................. 
93-101 
- 
Appendix III – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) financial 
statements
 .................................................................................................................................. 
113-114 
- 
Appendix 
IV 
– 
Regulatory 
framework
 .................................................................................................................................. 
115-125 
(c)  
Integrated 
Management 
Report 
2021
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
126-349 
- 
1.- 
2021 
Overview
 .................................................................................................................................. 
135-138 
- 
2.- 
Our 
Company
 .................................................................................................................................. 
139-145 
- 
3.- 
Environment
 .................................................................................................................................. 
146-148 
- 
4.- 
Financial 
performance 
and 
shareholder 
remuneration
 .................................................................................................................................. 
149-157 
- 
5.- 
Performance 
of 
our 
businesses
 .................................................................................................................................. 
158-181 
- 
6.- 
Sustainability
 .................................................................................................................................. 
182-251 
- 
7.- 
Outlook
 .................................................................................................................................. 
251-255 
- 
Appendix 
I: 
Table 
of 
conversions 
and 
abbreviations
 .................................................................................................................................. 
257 
- 
Appendix 
II: 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures
 .................................................................................................................................. 
258-265 
- 
Appendix III: Consolidated Financial Statements – Repsol reporting model
 .................................................................................................................................. 
266-268 
- 
Appendix 
IV: 
Risks
 .................................................................................................................................. 
269-273 
- 
Appendix 
V: 
Additional 
information 
on 
Sustainability
 .................................................................................................................................. 
274-345 
(d)  
Independent 
verification 
report
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
350-353

--- Page 43 ---
Page 40
(e)  
Annual 
Corporate 
Governance 
Report
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
354-445 
(f)  
Annual 
Report 
on 
the 
Remuneration 
of 
Directors
 .................................................................................................................................................. 
446-481 
 
 
(C) 
The audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes to such financial statements, 
the auditors’ report thereon, and the Consolidated Management Report of Repsol, S.A. as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
(a) 
Independent auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements  
3-13 
(b) 
Consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. and Investees comprising the Repsol 
Group for the financial year 2020: 
14-123 
- 
Balance 
sheet 
at 
31 
December 
2020 
and 
2019
 ........................................................................................................................... 
15 
- 
Income statement for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019
 ........................................................................................................................... 
16 
- 
Statement of recognised profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 
2019
 ........................................................................................................................... 
17 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019
 ........................................................................................................................... 
18 
- 
Statement of cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019
 ........................................................................................................................... 
19 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
2020 
consolidated 
financial 
statements
 ........................................................................................................................... 
20-91 
- 
Appendix Ia – Main companies comprising the Repsol Group at 31 December 
2020
 ........................................................................................................................... 
92-112 
- 
Appendix II – Segment reporting and reconciliation with (IFRS-EU) financial 
statements
 ........................................................................................................................... 
113-114 
- 
Appendix 
III 
– 
Regulatory 
framework
 ........................................................................................................................... 
115-123 
(c) 
Consolidated Management Report 2020: 
124-435 
- 
1.- 
2020 
Summary
 ........................................................................................................................... 
133-137 
- 
2.- 
COVID-19: 
Impacts 
and 
Resilience 
Plan
 ........................................................................................................................... 
138-139 
- 
3.- 
New 
Strategic 
Plan
 ........................................................................................................................... 
140-144 
- 
4.- 
Our 
Company
 ........................................................................................................................... 
145-150 
- 
5.- 
Environment
 ........................................................................................................................... 
151-152 
- 
6.- 
Financial 
performance 
and 
shareholder 
remuneration
 ........................................................................................................................... 
153-161 
- 
7.- 
Our 
business
 ........................................................................................................................... 
162-182 
- 
8.- 
Sustainability
 ........................................................................................................................... 
183-234 
- 
9.- 
Outlook
 ........................................................................................................................... 
235-238

--- Page 44 ---
Page 41
- 
10.- 
Risks
 ........................................................................................................................... 
239 
- 
Appendix 
I: 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures
 ........................................................................................................................... 
241-251 
- 
Appendix 
III: 
Further 
information 
on 
Sustainability
 ........................................................................................................................... 
256-300 
- 
Appendix 
IV: 
GRI 
Index
 ........................................................................................................................... 
301-310 
- 
Appendix 
V: 
Statement 
of 
non-financial 
information
 ........................................................................................................................... 
311-314 
- 
Appendix VI: SASB Index 
315-316 
- 
Appendix 
VI: 
Table 
of 
conversions 
and 
abbreviations
 ........................................................................................................................... 
317 
- 
Appendix 
VII: 
Annual 
Corporate 
Governance 
Report 
2020
 .................................................................................................................................  
318-435 
 
 
(D) 
Information on oil and gas exploration and production activities (unaudited information) as of and 
for 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 
- 
About 
this 
report
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
3 
- 
Information 
on 
acreage
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
4 
- 
Production
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
5 
- 
Exploration 
and 
development 
activities
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
6 
- 
Net 
proved 
oil 
and 
gas 
reserves
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
7-13 
- 
Standardized 
future 
cash 
flows
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
14-17 
- 
Results 
of 
oil 
and 
gas 
exploration 
and 
production 
activities
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
18-20 
- 
Investments
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
21-24 
 
 
(E) 
The audited standalone annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the 
audit report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
 
- 
Balance 
Sheet
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
1-5 
- 
Profit 
and 
loss 
account
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
6-7 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
annual 
accounts
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
8-37 
- 
Management 
report
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
39-47 
- 
Audit 
report 
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
48-64 
- 
2021 
Appropriation 
of 
the 
results
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
65-93

--- Page 45 ---
Page 42
(F) 
The audited standalone annual accounts of REF, including the notes to such annual accounts and the 
audit report thereon, as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
- 
Audit 
report 
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
3-5 
- 
Balance 
Sheet
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
6-10 
- 
Profit 
and 
loss 
account
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
11-12 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
annual 
accounts
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
13-22 
- 
        2020 
Appropriation 
of 
the 
results
 ............................................................................................................................................................  
23 
 
 
(G) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
 
- 
Management 
Board 
Report
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
4-14 
- 
Statement 
of 
financial 
position 
as 
at 
31 
December 
2021
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
16 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2021
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
17 
- 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
equity 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
18 
- 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
equity 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
19 
- 
Statement 
of 
cash 
flows 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
20 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
21-50 
- 
Other 
information
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
51-52 
- 
Independent 
auditors’ 
report 
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
53-62 
 
 
(H) 
The audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial statements 
and the audit report thereon, as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
- 
Management 
Board 
Report 
2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
3-11 
- 
Statement 
of 
financial 
position 
as 
at 
31 
December 
2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
13 
- 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
14 
- 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
equity 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
15 
- 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
equity 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
16 
- 
Statement 
of 
cash 
flows 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
17 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
18-46

--- Page 46 ---
Page 43
The base prospectuses dated 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 26 September 2016, 4 April 2019, 3 April 
2020 and 7 May 2021 are not incorporated by reference, save for the terms and conditions set out in them. 
Apart from this information, the remainder of the base prospectuses dated 30 May 2014, 22 September 2015, 
26 September 2016, 4 April 2019, 3 April 2020 and 7 May 2021 is either not relevant to investors or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement. In addition, any statement contained herein or in a document 
that is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any Supplement to the Base Prospectus, or in any 
document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of such supplement, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not expressly listed in the cross-reference list above does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Pursuant to Spanish regulatory requirements, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor 
are required to be accompanied by the respective Consolidated Management Reports. These Consolidated 
Management Reports are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus only in order to comply with such 
regulatory requirements. Investors are strongly cautioned that the information contained in the Consolidated 
Management Reports has been neither audited nor prepared for the specific purpose of the Programme. 
Accordingly, the Consolidated Management Reports should be read together with the other sections of this 
Base Prospectus, and in particular the section “Risk Factors”. Any information contained in the Consolidated 
Management Reports shall be deemed to be modified or superseded by any information elsewhere in the 
- 
Other 
information
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
47-57 
- 
Independent 
auditors’ 
report 
 ....................................................................................................................................................  
49-56 
 
 
The page references indicated for document (E) are to the page numbering of the electronic copy of such document as 
available at the link set forth above. 
 
 
 
(I) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 84 to 122 of the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 relating to the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
84-122 
(J) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 3 April 2020 relating to the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
69-97 
(K) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 63 to 85 of the base prospectus dated 4 April 2019 relating to the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
63-85 
(L) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 26 September 2016 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
65-86 
(M) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 86 of the base prospectus dated 22 September 2015 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
65-86 
(N) 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 90 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2014 relating to 
the 
Programme 
under 
the 
heading 
“Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes”
.........................................................................................................................................................................  
90-111

--- Page 47 ---
Page 44
Base Prospectus that is subsequent to or inconsistent with it. Furthermore, the Consolidated Management 
Reports include certain forward-looking statements that are subject to inherent uncertainty (see 
“Forward-Looking Statements”). Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to rely upon the information 
contained in such Consolidated Management Reports.

--- Page 48 ---
Page 45
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to, or 
invested by the relevant Issuer in, other companies within the Repsol Group for use by such companies either: 
(i) 
for their general corporate purposes;  
(ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Eligible Projects, in which case the 
relevant Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes and “Green Eligible 
Projects” will be specified in the section entitled “Reasons for Offer” in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(iii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Transition Eligible Projects, in which case the 
relevant Notes will be identified as “Transition Bonds” in the title of the Notes and “Transition 
Eligible Projects” will be specified in the section entitled “Reasons for Offer” in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the applicable Final Terms 
in the section entitled “Reasons for the Offer”. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, Green Eligible Projects and Transition Eligible Projects are 
projects supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy in direct link with Repsol’s Strategic Plan for the 
2021-2025 period (the Plan) and further described in the Framework and the section entitled “The Group’s 
Transition Financing Framework” below. In order to ensure that all Green Eligible Projects and Transition 
Eligible Projects provide environmental benefits and that all Transition Eligible Projects are contributors to 
Repsol’s transition levers to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, they must fall into and comply with at least 
one of the project categories set forth in the Framework.  
For the avoidance of doubt, all Green Eligible Projects can also be eligible projects for Transition Bonds. See 
“The Group’s Transition Financing Framework—Use and Management of Proceeds for Green Bonds and 
Transition Bonds” for more information.  
The Framework, as amended or updated from time to time, is available on the Guarantor’s website 
(www.repsol.com). The contents of this webpage (save as expressly stated otherwise under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”) and the Framework do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not 
incorporated by reference in it.

--- Page 49 ---
Page 46
THE GROUP’S TRANSITION FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
Overview 
In December 2019, Repsol became the first company in the oil and gas industry to announce its commitment 
to become a net zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Plan, which is expected to shape the Group’s transformation 
in the coming years and involves accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and 
maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. In 
order to facilitate the monitoring of progress towards the long-term ambition of net zero emissions by 2050 
and for transparency purposes, the Plan outlines a challenging roadmap with ambitious intermediary 
emissions reduction targets. The Group further reinforced its commitment to accelerating the energy 
transition with the publication of its new decarbonisation pathway in October 2021 during its “Low Carbon 
Day”, with the aim of accelerating the achievement of net zero emissions in 2050. 
On 14 June 2021, the Group launched its Framework. It was the first company in its sector worldwide to 
present an overarching framework that incorporates both instruments aimed at financing specific projects 
(Green Bonds and Transition Bonds) and sustainability-linked notes linked to the Group’s sustainability 
commitments.  
On 11 April 2022, the Group updated its Framework aligned with the Plan to accompany its energy transition 
process. The Framework has the benefit of a second party opinion by Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. 
(ISS) and is available on the Guarantor’s website (www.repsol.com). The contents of this webpage (save as 
expressly stated otherwise under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and such second party opinion 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
The three types of financial instruments included in the Framework are divided into two categories: 
 
Green Bonds and Transition Bonds are Notes which are subject to the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA). The funds raised with Green 
Bonds will be used to finance Green Eligible Projects, which are green projects eligible under the 
standards of the European Union (renewable energy, renewable hydrogen, etc.). The funds from the 
Transition Bonds will be allocated to Transition Eligible Projects, which are additional activities and 
projects that also contribute to sustainable objectives and are part of Repsol’s energy transition 
strategy. For the avoidance of doubt, all Green Eligible Projects can also be eligible projects for 
Transition Bonds. 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (SLNs) are Notes whose economic conditions are linked to the 
fulfilment of key sustainability objectives of Repsol, namely a reduction in the Group’s carbon 
intensity indicator (CII), as further described below. These bonds are subject to ICMA’s 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles. 
Use and Management of Proceeds for Green Bonds and Transition Bonds  
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of Green Bonds and Transition Bonds will be earmarked 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future Green Eligible Projects and/or Transition 
Eligible Projects. In order to be earmarked as eligible, such projects must be aligned with all of the following 
criteria:  
(i) 
capital expenditures and selected operating expenditures (such as maintenance costs that either 
increase the lifetime or the value of the assets) of physical assets meeting the eligibility criteria of 
the Green Eligible Projects and/or Transition Eligible Projects described in the Framework; and

--- Page 50 ---
Page 47
(ii) 
research and development expenditures aiming at developing new products and solutions as per the 
eligibility criteria specified in the Framework.  
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds and Transition Bonds will be used to:  
 
finance Green Eligible Projects and/or Transition Eligible Projects occurring post issuance of the 
relevant Green Bonds or Transition Bonds; and/or 
 
refinance expenditure made in connection with Green Eligible Projects and/or Transition Eligible 
Projects initiated up to three years prior to the year in which such Green Bonds or Transition Bonds 
were issued.  
The net proceeds of Green Bonds and Transition Bonds will be allocated to new projects and/or for the 
refinancing of existing projects meeting the eligibility criteria referred to above. Pending the full allocation 
to Green Eligible Projects and Transition Eligible Projects, the Group commits to hold the balance of net 
proceeds not already allocated to Green Eligible Projects and Transition Eligible Projects invested in cash, 
cash equivalent, bank accounts/deposits and/or in monetary funds managed by the Group’s treasury 
department, following the internal financial and risks policy of the Group. 
The Group has set up internal procedures to track the use of proceeds of its Green Bonds and Transition 
Bonds and has established a register to monitor the Green Eligible Projects and Transition Eligible Projects. 
In case of asset divestment or cancellation of a project, Repsol aims to re-allocate proceeds to finance other 
Eligible Green Projects and Transition Eligible Projects, in compliance with the Framework. Repsol aims to 
fully allocate the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds or Transition Bonds within 36 months from the 
relevant issue date. 
Repsol aims to provide information, for each issue of Green Bonds or Transition Bonds, on the allocation of 
the net proceeds on its website within the first 12 months of each financial year-end after the completion of 
the external assurance and until all the net proceeds have been allocated. The report will cover both allocation 
and impact reporting for each project category. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The Framework defines a set of guiding principles for financing instruments linked to the achievement of 
material, quantitative, pre-determined, ambitious, regularly monitored and externally verified sustainability 
(ESG) objectives through a Key Performance Indicator (KPI) and Sustainability Performance Targets 
(SPTs), with no specific dedicated use of proceeds. 
Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII) 
To that end, Repsol has developed a carbon intensity indicator (CII) expressed, on a net basis, in grams of 
carbon dioxide equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) that measures CO2e emissions for every unit of 
energy that Repsol makes available to society.  
The CII takes into account in the numerator the following: 
1. 
Operational Scope 1 + 2: The direct (scope 1) and indirect emissions (scope 2) from Repsol’s 
Exploration & Production (E&P) operated businesses worldwide, from Refining and Chemical 
industrial complexes in Spain, Portugal and Peru and from low-emission power generation.  
2. 
Scope 3 O&G E&P based: The emissions associated with the use of products coming from Repsol’s 
oil and gas production (scope 3) including:

--- Page 51 ---
Page 48
 
the emissions from products that would be obtained in Repsol’s Refining and Chemical 
processes from the Group’s oil production; 
 
all of the emissions from the combustion of natural gas production, regardless of their final use 
including JVs with majority stakes; and 
 
emissions from third-party hydrogen plants that supply Repsol’s controlled refineries. Thus, 
they are treated in the same way for the purposes of emissions as Repsol’s own hydrogen plants, 
because this component is essential to produce Repsol’s fuels. 
3. 
Location-based emissions shift: Avoided emissions from Repsol’s low-carbon power generation 
assets and low carbon fuels.  
4. 
CCUS / NCS Negative Emissions: Avoided emissions if levers such as Carbon Capture, Use and 
Storage (CCUS) or Natural Climate Solutions (NCS) are implemented. 
The CII takes into account in the denominator the following: 
1. 
Energy Products: Energy relating to Repsol’s oil and gas production in its E&P business. 
2. 
Non-Energy Products: Energy from the products obtained in Repsol’s average Refining and 
Chemicals processes for oil case and all energy contained in the natural gas production. Chemical 
products are considered carbon sinks and, although they are not strictly energy products, the energy 
contained in the equivalent oil (that would be produced by Repsol) used to produce them is counted. 
The same applies for other non-fuel products, such as lubricants and asphalts. 
3. 
Low Carbon Energy Sources: Energy from renewable (solar, wind and hydropower) and non-
renewable (combined cycle gas turbines and surplus from natural gas cogeneration) power 
generation sources. 
The CII is the basis for setting emissions reduction targets over time, to reach net zero emissions by 2050. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and using 2016 as the base year (since 2016 was the first year in which 
all assets of ROCGI (formerly Talisman Energy Inc.) were consolidated following its acquisition), the Group 
aims to reduce its CII as follows: 
 
by 15% by 2025 (the previous target was 12%); 
 
by 28% by 2030 (the previous target was 25%); and 
 
by 55% by 2040 (the previous target was 50%). 
The targets were increased in October 2021 partly due to the favourable regulatory environment and 
technological breakthroughs in hydrogen technologies, renewable electricity and storage. 
By the end of 2020, the Group had achieved a reduction of 5.0% in the CII from the 2016 baseline, exceeding 
the initial target of 3.0%. This value was significantly higher than the target, mainly due to reduced business 
activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group estimates that the final value would have been around 
3.7%, considering activity levels prior to the pandemic.  
In addition, as part of its renewed decarbonisation ambition announced during its “Low Carbon Day” in 
October 2021, the Group has set new absolute emissions and methane intensity targets:  
 
55% reduction of operated emissions (scope 1 + 2) by 2030 from the 2016 baseline;  
 
30% reduction of net emissions (scope 1 + 2 +3) by 2030 from the 2016 baseline; and

--- Page 52 ---
Page 49
 
85% reduction of methane emissions intensity by 2025 from the 2017 baseline. 
In its Framework, the Group currently takes into account the following five main levers to achieve its net 
zero emissions target by 2050: (i) efficiency, (ii) portfolio transformation, (iii) low carbon fuels and 
circularity, (iv) low carbon power generation and (v) technological breakthroughs and carbon sinks. 
See Condition 4 (Sustainability-Linked Notes) for more information on the SLNs, including the reporting 
obligations assumed by Repsol. 
Amendments to the Framework 
Repsol will review the Framework from time to time, including its alignment to updated versions of the 
relevant principles as and when they are released, with the aim of adhering to best practices in the market. 
Repsol will also review the Framework in case of material changes in the perimeter, methodology, and in 
particular the KPI and/or the SPT’s calibration. Such review may result in the Framework being updated and 
amended. 
The updates, if not minor in nature, will be subject to the prior approval of the second party opinion provider 
or any such other qualified provider of second party opinion. Repsol aims that any future updated version of 
the Framework that may exist will either keep or improve the current levels of transparency and reporting 
disclosures. Any such updated Framework will be published on Repsol’s website and will replace the current 
Framework. 
In the event Repsol issues any SLNs with a more ambitious SPT for the same observation date as existing 
SLNs, the SPT of such existing SLNs will automatically be adjusted to such more ambitious SPT. See 
Condition 4 (Sustainability-Linked Notes). 
The Framework is available on the Guarantor’s website (www.repsol.com). The contents of this webpage 
(save as expressly stated otherwise under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and the Framework do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it.

--- Page 53 ---
Page 50
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
 
History 
Repsol International Finance B.V. (RIF) was incorporated in The Netherlands on 20 December 1990 as a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) for an 
indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of The Netherlands, under which it now operates. 
RIF is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24251372. RIF 
is domiciled in The Netherlands and its registered office and principal place of business is Koninginnegracht 
19, 2514 AB The Hague, The Netherlands, and its telephone number is (+31) 70 3141611. Its website is 
www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activity of RIF is to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group. RIF may, from time 
to time, obtain financing, including through loans or issuing other securities, which securities may rank pari 
passu with the Notes (see Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) below). In order to achieve its objectives, RIF raises 
funds primarily by issuing debt instruments in the capital and money markets.  
Organisational structure 
RIF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share 
capital of RIF is €300,577,000, represented by 300,577 fully paid-up shares with a nominal value of €1,000 
each. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, RIF holds 25.00% ownership in Sierracol Energy Arauca LLC (1). 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the directors of RIF are:  
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Rolf Van Nauta Lemke
Director
Founder and owner of VNL Holding BV, 
Managing Partner of MaiAx Advisors BV, co-
founder and Managing Partner of Iber Business 
Group Nederland BV, Owner of VNL Investment 
Fund BV, Supervisory Board of Q1 Energie AG.
Sonia Mera Uriarte
Director
N/A
Jaime Salmerón Molina
Director
N/A
Alfredo Manero Ruiz
Director
N/A
 
The business address of each of the directors, as directors of RIF, is Koninginnegracht 19, 2514 AB The 
Hague, The Netherlands. 
 
(1) RIF holds an indirect investment (25.00%) in Sierracol Crude Sales LLC through Sierracol Energy Arauca LLC.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 51
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of RIF to RIF and their respective 
private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 55 ---
Page 52
DESCRIPTION OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE 
History 
Repsol Europe Finance (REF) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 4 December 2009 
under the name of TE Holding S.A R.L. as a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) for an indefinite duration pursuant to the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, under which it 
now operates. On 29 March 2021, REF changed its corporate name from TE Holding S.A R.L. to Repsol 
Europe Finance. 
REF is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des 
Sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B149867. REF is domiciled in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
its registered office and principal place of business is at 14-16, Avenue Pasteur, L-2310 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is (+352) 27860070. Its website is www.repsol.com. The 
information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities  
The principal activities of REF are (i) to finance the business operations of the Repsol Group and (ii) to 
acquire and hold participations. REF may, from time to time, obtain financing, including through loans or 
issuing other securities, which securities may rank pari passu with the Notes (see “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes—Negative Pledge” below). In order to achieve its objectives, REF raises funds primarily by issuing 
debt instruments in the capital and money markets.  
Organisational structure 
REF is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. At the date of this Base Prospectus, its subscribed capital 
is U.S.$4,639,123,120, represented by 231,956,156 ordinary shares in registered form with a nominal value 
of U.S.$20.00 each, all subscribed and fully paid-up shares. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the managers of REF are:  
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside Repsol 
Véronique Gillet 
Manager  
Founding partner of Adeis S.A., a 
Luxembourg advisory firm specialised in 
topics linked to the investment fund 
industry, member of ILA (Institut 
Luxembourgeois des Administrateurs)
Sonia Mera Uriarte 
Manager  
N/A 
Jaime Salmerón Molina
Manager 
N/A
 
The business address of each of the directors, as directors of REF, is 14-16, Avenue Pasteur, L-2310 
Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of REF to REF and their respective 
private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 56 ---
Page 53
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) duly incorporated on 31 December 1986 
under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, under which it now operates.  
The Guarantor is registered with the Commercial Register of Madrid under page number M-65289, and its 
tax identification number is A-78/374725. It is domiciled in Spain with its registered office and principal 
place of business at Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain, and its telephone number is (+34) 91 
753 8000. Its website is www.repsol.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group.  
Repsol is an integrated energy company that operates in all business activities of the hydrocarbons sector, 
including exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas, transport of petroleum 
products, LPG and natural gas, refining, production of a wide range of petroleum products, petroleum by-
products, and petrochemicals, LPG and natural gas products, along with low-carbon electricity generation 
and commercialisation activities. While Repsol operates globally, it has a unified corporate structure with 
headquarters in Madrid, Spain. 
History 
Repsol began operations in October 1987 as part of a reorganisation of the oil and gas businesses then owned 
by Instituto Nacional de Hidrocarburos, a Spanish government agency which acted as a holding company 
of government-owned oil and gas businesses.  
Certain key milestones in the history of Repsol are set forth below: 
 
In 1989, the shares of the Guarantor were first listed on the Spanish stock exchanges (Madrid, 
Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia) and, through American Depositary Shares (ADS), on the New York 
Stock Exchange (until March 2011), beginning the process of privatisation. 
 
The privatisation culminated with the public offers for the sale of shares in the Guarantor carried out 
by the Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales, a Spanish government agency, in 1996 and 
1997. 
 
On 26 February 2013, Repsol signed an agreement with the Shell Group for the sale of part of 
Repsol’s liquefied natural gas (LNG) assets and businesses. The sale concluded with three different 
transactions which closed in October and December 2013 and January 2014. 
 
In 2014, several agreements were signed to put an end to the controversy originated by the 
expropriation in 2012 of 51% and 60% of the Group’s shares in YPF S.A. (YPF) and YPF Gas S.A., 
respectively. After the expropriation, settlement with the Republic of Argentina and the subsequent 
sale in 2014 of all its remaining interest in YPF which had not been subject to expropriation, Repsol’s 
divestment of YPF was completed. YPF was Argentina’s leading oil company and a former national 
operator in the industry. 
 
In May 2015, Repsol acquired 100% of the share capital of ROGCI, a Canadian company engaged 
in the exploration, development, production, transportation and marketing of crude oil, natural gas 
and other liquid hydrocarbons, for a total amount of €8,005 million. 
 
On 18 May 2018, Repsol sold its stake (20.072%) in Naturgy to Rioja Bidco Shareholdings, S.L.U. 
for the price of €3,816 million.

--- Page 57 ---
Page 54
 
On 2 November 2018, Repsol completed its acquisition of Viesgo Generación, S.L.U.’s (Viesgo) 
non-regulated low-emission electricity generation businesses, in addition to its gas and electricity 
retail business for a purchase price of €733 million. 
 
On 2 December 2019, Repsol announced that it aims to become a net zero emissions company in 
2050. In line with this goal and in the context of the oil and gas markets dynamics that consolidated 
in 2019, together with new public policies oriented towards a decarbonised economy, Repsol 
reviewed its main hypothesis for assessing future investments and existing assets. In particular, it 
assumed a gradual decarbonisation of the economy, a reduction in the expectations of future oil and 
gas prices and the increase of expected costs for future CO2 emissions, configuring a scenario 
compatible with the climate goals of the Paris Agreement and the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.  
 
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented its Strategic Plan for the 2021-2025 period (the Plan), 
which is expected to shape the Group’s transformation in the coming years and involves accelerating 
the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and maximum value for shareholders, with a 
significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. On 5 October 2021, in the context of 
its “Low Carbon Day”, Repsol announced more ambitious targets with the aim of accelerating its 
energy transition to become a net zero emissions company by 2050. See “⸻Strategy” below. 
Recent Developments 
On 6 May 2022, the annual general shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor approved, among other things, 
in respect of the shareholders’ remuneration: (i) the distribution of a dividend of €0.33 gross per share in 
circulation and entitled to receive such distribution on the payment date, which is expected to take place on 
7 July  2022; (ii) the distribution of another dividend of €0.325 gross per share charged to free reserves, such 
distribution is expected to take place in January 2023; (iii) a reduction of the Guarantor’s share capital 
through the redemption of 75,000,000 of the Guarantor’s treasury shares; and (iv) the delegation to the Board 
of Directors of the power to execute share capital reductions through the redemption of up to a maximum of 
152,739,605 own shares. 
 
On 9 May 2022, the Guarantor resolved to carry out the implementation of the share capital reduction 
approved by the annual general shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor on 6 May 2022 (under item seven of 
the agenda), through the redemption of 75,000,000 treasury shares of the Guarantor. 
 
Strategy  
In December 2019, Repsol became the first energy company to announce its commitment to become a net 
zero emissions company by 2050, thereby commencing a strategic change of course.  
On 26 November 2020, the Group presented the Plan, which is expected to shape the Group’s transformation 
in the coming years and focuses on accelerating the energy transition, prioritising profitable growth and 
maximum value for shareholders, with a significant increase in cash generation and financial discipline. On 
5 October 2021, in the context of its “Low Carbon Day”, Repsol announced it had updated its Plan with more 
ambitious targets with the aim of accelerating its energy transition to become a net zero emissions company 
by 2050. 
Repsol believes that decarbonisation, in addition to mitigating the effects of climate change, is an opportunity 
to create value within the Group’s businesses. The Plan and its subsequent update represents a demanding 
roadmap with ambitious intermediate emission reduction targets to continue moving towards its goal of net 
zero emissions by 2050, envisioning a reduction in carbon intensity of 15% by 2025, 28% by 2030 and 55% 
by 2040. The Group aims to decarbonise its asset portfolio and develop a new operating model with the aim 
of becoming a multi-energy group that is more sustainable and focused on creating value by 2030. Repsol is 
committed to a model that integrates several technological options, combines electrification with low carbon 
footprint products, and offers solutions to all community needs. A combination of different sources of energy

--- Page 58 ---
Page 55
is expected to allow for efficiently achieving the goal of zero net emissions. In addition, the Group has now 
incorporated an absolute emissions reduction target and is committed to reducing emissions from its operated 
assets by 55% (scope 1 and scope 2) and 30% of net emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2030.  
The Plan comprises two periods: the first covers the period 2021 to 2022 and focuses on ensuring financial 
robustness and thus prioritises efficiency, investment reduction and capital optimisation, while developing 
projects to lead the energy transition. The second covers the post-COVID-19 period 2023 to 2025 and focuses 
on accelerating transformation and growth.  
The Plan envisages investments totalling €19.3 billion, of which investments in low-carbon initiatives would 
account for €6.5 billion or 35% of the total from 2021 to 2025, and the aim is for capital employed for these 
purposes to reach 45% in 2030. The Plan is expected to be self-financing in a scenario of U.S.$50/bbl Brent 
crude and U.S.$2.5/Mbtu Henry Hub prices, where the Group would also maintain financial flexibility and a 
level of debt by 2025 similar to that of 2020.  
In order to implement the Plan, the Group’s organisational structure will involve four business areas 
(Upstream, Industrial, Customer-centric and Low-Carbon Generation Businesses), supported by a more 
flexible and efficient Corporate division, with the aim of enhancing performance and value creation. 
Customer-centric business  
The division brings together the current Mobility, LPG, Lubricants, and Power and Gas retail areas 
and other energy solutions with the aim of meeting the energy and mobility needs of its customers. 
The electric mobility targets in the Iberian Peninsula are to reach more than 1,000 public charging 
points by 2022 and to deploy ultra-fast charging stations every 50 km. 
Low-Carbon Generation Business  
The aims of this division is to enlarge the Group’s asset portfolio and continue its international 
expansion with the goal of becoming a global operator, with a renewable generation capacity 
reaching 6 GW by 2025 (through the development of a portfolio of projects in operation at a rate of 
approximately 500 MW per year, and acquisition of international projects) and 20 GW by 2030.  
Industrial  
This division brings together Refining, Chemicals, Trading and Gas Wholesaling and Gas Trading 
with the aim of enhancing profitability, building new leading platforms for carbon-neutral businesses 
and reducing emissions by more than 2 Mt of CO2 by 2025 when compared to 2020.  
Industrial complexes (in Spain, Portugal and Peru) are intended to become multi-energy hubs 
capable of generating low carbon footprint products and driving new business models based on 
digitalisation and technology. To undertake this transformation process, the Group expects to rely 
on the following factors: 
 
energy efficiency, in which the Group plans to invest more than €400 million over the 
duration of the Plan to cut 0.8Mt of CO2 and lay the foundations to transform industrial 
centres into net zero emission facilities; 
 
circular economy industrial complexes, which are already adapting to use waste from various 
sources as raw material and convert it into low-carbon products (fuels and materials), with 
the aim of reaching a sustainable biofuel production capacity of 1.3 Mt by 2025 and more 
than 2 Mt by 2030;  
 
renewable hydrogen for use in refineries and petrochemical sites, to produce biofuels, 
synthetic fuels and low carbon materials, where the Group’s ambition is to reach a production

--- Page 59 ---
Page 56
equivalent to 550 MW by 2025 and more than 1.9 GW by 2030; and  
 
carbon capture and utilisation, which is also expected to be present in the transformation 
process through the synthetic fuel project at Petronor, the only refinery on the Iberian 
Peninsula and one of a few in Europe equipped for this process. 
Upstream 
In this division, the Group aims to focus on key geographic areas, prioritising value over volume and 
cutting emissions across the asset portfolio, which will continue to be actively managed. The division 
intends to play to its strengths –flexibility, efficiency and high technology– to increase its 
contribution to the Group and generate positive cash flow despite reducing investment intensity. In 
addition, the Group aims to focus on short cycle projects that can be managed flexibly and with 
limited capital intensity and targets a production close to 620k/boed by 2025. The global presence 
of the Upstream division is expected to encompass 14 countries, with more efficient and focused 
exploration. 
Business segments and organisational structure  
Repsol currently operates the following business segments:  
 
Exploration and Production: activities for the exploration, development and production of crude oil 
and natural gas reserves;  
 
Industrial: mainly corresponds to (i) refining activities, (ii) petrochemicals, (iii) trading and 
transportation of crude oil and oil products, and (iv) sale, transportation and regasification of natural 
gas and LNG; and 
 
Commercial and Renewables: mainly integrates the businesses of (i) low-carbon power generation 
and renewable sources, (ii) sale of electricity and gas, (iii) mobility and sale of oil products, and (iv) 
liquefied petroleum gas. 
Below is a list of the significant investee companies of the Group as at 31 December 2021, including the 
country of incorporation, main activities and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Guarantor in such 
investee companies.  
Name 
Country 
Activity 
% Control owned (1) 
Repsol, 
S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Portfolio company 
N/A 
Repsol 
Exploración, 
S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol 
E&P 
USA, 
Llc 
(2)
 .................................................................................  
United States 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol 
Oil 
& 
Gas 
Canada, 
Inc.
 .................................................................................  
Canada 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol 
Upstream, 
B.V. 
 .................................................................................  
Netherlands 
Portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol 
E&P 
Bolivia, 
S.A. 
(2)
 .................................................................................  
Bolivia 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
100.00% 
Repsol 
Sinopec 
Brasil, 
S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Brazil 
Exploration and production of oil and 
gas 
60.01% 
Repsol 
Industrial 
Transformation, 
S.L. 
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Portfolio company 
100.00%

--- Page 60 ---
Page 57
Repsol 
Petróleo, 
S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Refining 
99.97% 
Repsol 
Química, 
S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Production and sale of petrochemicals 
100.00% 
Repsol 
Customer 
Centric, 
S.L. 
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Portfolio company 
97.79% 
Repsol Comercial de Productos Petrolíferos, S.A.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Marketing of oil products 
97.60% 
Repsol Comerc. de Electricidad y Gas, S.L.U.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Marketing of electricity and gas 
97.79% 
Repsol 
Renovables, 
S.L.U.
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Renewable electricity generation 
100.00% 
Repsol 
International 
Finance 
B.V.
 .................................................................................  
Netherlands 
Financing and portfolio company 
100.00% 
Repsol Tesorería y Gestión financiera, S.L. 
 .................................................................................  
Spain 
Financing company 
100.00% 
Repsol 
Europe 
Finance, 
S.A.R.l. 
(2) 
 .................................................................................  
Luxembourg 
Portfolio and financial services 
company 
100.00% 
___________________________ 
 
(1) 
There is no difference between the percentage of share capital owned and voting rights in the Guarantor.  
(2) 
Indirect ownership interest. 
 
Business Overview  
Upstream 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s operating data for the periods indicated. 
 
Year 
ended 
31/12/2021 
Year 
ended 
31/12/2020 
 
(unaudited) 
Net liquids production (kbbl/d) 
206 
217 
Net gas production (kboe/d) 
366 
432 
Net hydrocarbon production (kboe/d) 
572 
648 
Average crude oil realisation price (U.S.$/bbl) 
62.7 
37.7 
Average gas price (U.S.$/kscf) 
4.6 
2.3 
___________________________ 
 
Note:  These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other 
companies managed as such. 
 
Upstream includes the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in different parts of the world. 
The Upstream segment’s activity is mainly located in America (United States, Canada, Brazil, Trinidad and 
Tobago, Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia and Mexico), North Africa (Algeria and Libya), Asia 
(Indonesia) and Europe (United Kingdom, Norway and Spain).  
During the years ended 31 December 2021 and up until the date of this Base Prospectus, Repsol has continued 
to dynamically manage its asset portfolio as it pursues its strategy of focusing on strategic assets and countries 
that offer competitive advantages for the Group. During the same periods, Repsol sold some of its assets, 
resulting in the effective withdrawal from countries such as Russia, Vietnam, Malaysia and Ecuador. 
Exploration activities in countries such as Morocco, Bulgaria, Greece and Ireland were also terminated. 
The following contains details of Repsol’s main assets:

--- Page 61 ---
Page 58
 
U.S., where Repsol has interests in the Eagle Ford liquids-rich asset, a shale gas play located in 
southeast Texas and in the Marcellus dry gas shale play located mainly in northeast Pennsylvania. 
Repsol also participates in the Shenzi and Buckskin offshore productive fields and in the 
Leon/Moccasin and Blacktip exploration projects along with several exploratory blocks in the Gulf 
of Mexico, and in the exploratory/appraisal project in Alaska North Slope.  
In December 2021, the Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania approved the sale 
of Rockdale Marcellus to Repsol Oil & Gas USA for U.S.$222 million at an auction held on 16 
December 2021. The sale was completed in January 2022. 
In June 2019, hydrocarbon production began in the Buckskin deepwater project, which is operated 
by LLOG (where Repsol holds 22.5% as at the date of this Base Prospectus) in the Keathley Canyon 
area in the Gulf of Mexico. In April 2020, the discovery of oil in the U.S. part of the Gulf of Mexico 
was announced at the Monument exploration well, where Repsol holds a 20% stake alongside 
Equinor (operator) with a 50% stake, and Progress Resources USA Ltd, with the remaining 30%. In 
November 2020, Repsol acquired nine blocks in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (GOM) round – Lease sale 
256. Of these nine blocks, five were awarded in partnership with Equinor in the Walker Ridge area; 
the other four were acquired in partnership with Llog Exploration in the Keathley Canyon area in the 
surroundings of the Leon/Moccasin developments. Also, in November 2020, Repsol completed the 
purchase from Shell of an 8.5% interest in eight blocks in the Alaminos Canyon area of the Gulf of 
Mexico, at the Blacktip North, Bobcat and Lucille exploratory projects. Shell (operator) and Equinor 
are the Group’s partners on these deepwater projects. In October 2021, the final investment decision 
was taken on the Shenzi North project. This decision is expected to increase the long-term potential 
of the asset and utilise the existing infrastructure. Repsol’s stake in this project is 28%, while the 
operator, BHP, owns the rest. The first production is expected to be achieved in early 2024. In 
November 2021, the Blacktip North well was completed with positive results in the Shell-operated 
Alaminos Canyon 336 licence. The discovery is located in the western part of the U.S. Gulf of 
Mexico. 
In the Alaska North Slope project, Repsol announced the largest U.S. onshore conventional 
hydrocarbons discovery in 30 years in March 2017, with the Horseshoe-1 and 1A wells confirming 
these wells as a significant emerging play in Alaska’s North Slope. In April 2020, two additional 
exploration discoveries, namely the Mitquq-1 and Stirrup-1 wells, were made at the North Slope 
project in Alaska, where Repsol holds a 49% stake. 
 
Mexico, where Repsol was awarded five offshore exploration blocks in 2018 located in the deep 
waters of the Gulf of Mexico. In June 2019, Repsol’s 2019-2022 investment plans for Areas 10, 14 
and 29 were approved, where Repsol holds a 40%, 50% and 30% interest, respectively. All of them 
are operated by Repsol. In May 2020, Repsol announced that it made two significant deepwater oil 
discoveries in block 29. The Polok-1 and Chinwol-1 exploration wells are located in the Salina Basin 
with net oil pay of 200 meters and 150 meters, respectively. In September 2021, the drilling of the 
delineation well Polok-2DEL at the Salina Basin in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico was 
completed with positive results, which is a key milestone to reach the development phase. Repsol is 
the first international company to conduct such a test in Mexico’s deep waters. 
 
Canada, where Repsol has production operations mainly in the Greater Edson (oil and gas 
production) and Chauvin (heavy oil production) areas, located in the Western Canadian Sedimentary 
Basin, primarily in Alberta, Canada. Repsol also has interests in Duvernay, a non-mature area in its 
first phase of development and evaluation, with production of crude and gas, located in the region of 
West-Central Alberta. 
 
Offshore deepwater fields in Brazil, where in Sapinhoá field (block BM-S-9) in 2016 the plateau of 
production of 150,000 barrels per day of crude oil was reached in the North Area. In the South Area 
the plateau of production was reached in 2014, with a production capacity of 120,000 barrels per day 
of crude oil. In August 2020, Repsol achieved the milestone of 125 million barrels of oil sold from

--- Page 62 ---
Page 59
the Sapinhoá asset in Brazil’s deep waters. Repsol also has participations in the offshore production 
field Albacora Leste and in the exploratory block BM-C-33 where relevant discoveries to be 
developed have been made. In March 2021, Repsol Sinopec (35%) together with licence partners 
Equinor (35% and operator) and Petrobras (30%), approved the development concept for BM-C-33, 
a gas/condensate field located in the Campos Basin pre-salt in Brazil. 
In 2018, Repsol obtained three exploration blocks with a 40% stake in all of them and in 2019, four 
additional exploration blocks were obtained. Three of these are located in the Campos basin and the 
remaining one in the Santos basin. The blocks are C-M-795 (100% interest), C-M825 (60% interest, 
in a consortium with Chevron), C-M-845 (40% interest, with Chevron and Wintershall Dea) and S-
M-766 (40% interest, with Chevron and Wintershall Dea).  
 
Trinidad and Tobago, where Repsol has a 30% stake in the productive assets of bpTT. In 2018, the 
Angelin non-operated production platform reached the country’s waters and was installed in the West 
Block field, 60 km from the south-eastern coast. The facilities are operated remotely and the gas 
generated flows to the Serrette platform through a new 21 km pipeline and then to the Cassia Hub 
for processing. The first gas extraction took place on 26 February 2019. In September 2020, the 
Galeota expansion project was completed and a safe start-up was executed to maintain safe, reliable 
and compliant terminal operations for at least the next 20 years in this facility which processes all 
hydrocarbon liquids produced from bpTT’s 15 offshore facilities as well as other upstream 
producers. In September 2021, the Matapal project achieved a safe start-up of gas production. The 
project consists of three wells connected to Juniper’s existing platform, therefore helping to minimise 
development costs and the associated carbon footprint. The Matapal project will provide gas to the 
Trinidad and Tobago markets through resources discovered by the Savannah exploration well drilled 
in 2017. 
 
Bolivia, where Repsol has a 37.5% stake in the Margarita-Huacaya gas productive project 
(Caipipendi block). In March 2018, Repsol received the official ratification of the extension for ten 
years of the licence until 2041, plus an additional five years, including exploratory investments in 
the Boyuy and Boicobo Sur projects. Repsol is the operator of the Caipipendi block with a 37.5% 
stake, in partnership with Shell and Pan American Energy under a contractual framework entered 
into with Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales Bolivianos. Repsol also has interests in the San Alberto, 
San Antonio, Río Grande and Yapacani productive gas fields. In 2018, the Bolivian authorities 
approved the law that awarded the exploration and exploitation contract for the Iñiguazu area, of 
which Repsol is the operator and owner of 37.5%, located south of the Caipipendi Block. In January 
2021, the first production tests run by the Boicobo Sur X1 exploratory well, located in the Luis Calvo 
province of Chuquisaca, confirmed the finding of new gas volumes at the Caipipendi contract area. 
The discovery is estimated at being around 1 trillion cubic feet of reserves and prospective resources. 
 
Colombia, where Repsol has production in the Cravo Norte and CPO-9 blocks, an approval was 
announced in April 2018 for the start of Phase 1 of the Akacias project development plan to increase 
current production, located in the CPO-9 block. In March 2019, in the Akacias project where Repsol 
holds a 45% stake, a total production record of 20 kbbl/d was reached, as a result of the drilling work 
carried out in the Phase I of the development plan. The final target is to reach a total production of 
50 kbbl/d in the medium term. In March 2020, the Lorito Este-1 exploration well in CPO-9 block 
was completed with positive results. 
 
Peru, where the Kinteroni field started its production in March 2014 and the Sagari field began 
production in November 2017. Both fields are located in block 57, where Repsol is the operator 
company, in the Ucayali-Madre de Dios basin, one of the most prolific gas areas in Peru. Within the 
framework of the development plan of the Sagari field, in 2018 the Compression project was 
completed. Repsol also has a 10% stake in the Camisea productive area (Blocks 56 and 88).

--- Page 63 ---
Page 60
 
Venezuela, where Repsol has a 50% interest in the Cardon IV (Perla discovery) gas project, a 40% 
interest in the productive blocks Quiriquire (EM), Barua Motatan and Mene Grande and a 60% 
interest in Quiriquire Gas. Repsol also has an 11% interest in the Carabobo project. 
 
Algeria, where in December 2017, the Reggane Nord gas project came into production. The Reggane 
Nord project is composed of six gas fields and is jointly operated with Sonatrach. Repsol has a 35% 
stake in the Greater MLN/ Menzel Ledjmet Sud-Est productive Area in the east of Algeria. In June 
2021, Repsol completed the sale of its stake in the Tin Fouyet Tabenkor production asset.  
 
Libya, where Repsol has participations in the oil productive blocks NC-115 and NC-186 in the 
Murzuq basin in the southwest of the country. 
 
Repsol has an interest in a relevant number of mature fields in the United Kingdom and Norway. In 
2018, the Norwegian authorities approved the development plan of the YME field, located in blocks 
PL 316 and PL 316B of the Egersund basin, where Repsol is the operating company. In December 
2020, the Mærsk Inspirer mobile offshore drilling and production unit was successfully installed at 
the YME field in the southern North Sea. In May 2021, Repsol agreed with Mærsk Drilling to take 
over the operation of the platform, generating further operational and contractual synergies for the 
YME licence. In October 2021, the YME field began producing oil. The YME field development is 
a brownfield development, which involves reusing existing facilities and infrastructures as well as 
the design and construction of new installations.  
 
Spain, where cessation of production happened in June 2021 at the Casablanca platform in Tarragona 
after 40 years of operation. In November 2021, Repsol secured the exploration permit titled “GC-01 
Lisa” for the search of geothermal resources on the island of Gran Canaria. This is the first permit 
obtained by Repsol to search for geothermal resources and is therefore an important step in the 
Group’s strategy to lead the energy transition. 
 
Indonesia, where Repsol’s assets include interests in an important production sharing contract (PSC) 
in the Corridor block, located at the South Sumatra basin. In 2018, the award of the exploratory 
onshore block Southeast Jambi (Repsol holding 40% as at the date of this Base Prospectus, after the 
sale of 27% to Pertamina in February 2020, and being the operator) was completed. In February 
2019, Repsol announced a major discovery of the Kaliberau Dalam-2X (KBD-2X) exploratory well 
in the Sakakemang onshore block in the south of Sumatra island, where Repsol is the operator with 
a 45% stake. In October 2020, the GCS (Geological Carbon Storage) project was launched in 
Sakakemang. The project is aligned with the Group’s commitment to achieve zero net emissions by 
2050. For the Group, this is a pioneering initiative in carbon capture and storage, comparable in size 
to others worldwide. The Group expects to capture 2 million tons (Mtn) of carbon annually, with a 
total of 30 Mtn over the life of the project, starting in 2026 and ending in 2040. The development 
plan for the Kaliberau field at Sakakemang has recently been approved by the Indonesian 
government. The Sakakemang area, operated by Repsol, is located in Musi Banyuasin in the southern 
Sumatra province. In January 2021, Repsol received clearance from the local regulator, SSK Migas, 
to proceed with Phase I of the development of the Kali Berau Dalam field at the Sakakemang block 
in south Sumatra. The aim of Phase I of the development plan is to produce gas reserves of 
approximately 445.10 billion cubic feet. In April 2021, the Kali Berau Dalam-3X appraisal well at 
the Sakakemang block was completed with positive results.  In December 2019, the state-owned 
company Petronas acquired 49% of Repsol’s stake in the offshore Andaman III block, which 
previously stood at 100%. In November 2019, a new 20-year contract was officially signed for the 
PSC of the Corridor block, together with the partners in this project (ConocoPhillips and Pertamina).  
As of 31 December 2021, Repsol, through its Upstream segment, had oil and gas exploration and/or 
production interests in 23 countries, either directly or through its subsidiaries, and Repsol has operated and/or 
jointly operated assets in 20 of them.

--- Page 64 ---
Page 61
Average production in 2021 was 572 kboe/d, 12% less than in 2020. The decline was mainly due to the 
natural decline at the Eagle Ford and Marcellus fields (United States) and in Trinidad and Tobago and 
Canada, the expiration of the Piedemonte licence (Colombia), the sale of production assets in Russia and 
Algeria, maintenance activities and unscheduled shutdowns in Peru, Trinidad and Tobago and the United 
Kingdom. All of this was partially offset by the resumption of production in Libya from 11 October 2020 
onward, as well as increased volumes in Bolivia. 
In 2021, the average price of Brent crude was U.S.$70.9 per barrel, compared to an average of U.S.$41.8 per 
barrel reported in 2020.  
Below is an overview of Repsol’s net proved reserves corresponding to the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020.  
Net proved reserves (unaudited) 
Crude oil, condensate and 
LPG (1)  
Natural gas (2)  
Oil equivalent (3)  
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
Europe 
56
66
71
82
69
81
America 
398
370
7,061
6,619
1,655
1,548
           Venezuela 
25
28
1,507
1,574
293
308
           Peru 
72
77
1,411
1,467
324
338
           United States 
151
96
 
2,938
1,969
674
447
           Rest of America 
150
169
 
1,205
1,609
364
455
Africa 
105
107
106
193
124
141
Asia  
10
35
318
267
67
82
Total 
570
577
7,557
7,162
1,916
1,852
 _________________  
Note:  The aggregated changes in reserves and total reserves at 31 December may differ from the individual values shown because the calculations 
use more precise figures than those shown in the table. Net proved reserves include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, 
the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other companies managed as such. 
(1) 
Millions of barrels of crude oil (mmbbl).  
(2) 
Billions of cubic feet of gas (bcf).  
(3) 
Millions of barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe). 
At 
31 
December 
2021, 
Repsol’s 
net 
proved 
reserves, 
estimated 
in 
accordance 
with 
SPE/WPC/AAPG/SPEE/SEG/SPWLA/EAGE Petroleum Resources Management System criteria (a system 
more commonly known by its acronym, SPE-PRMS, with SPE standing for the Society of Petroleum 
Engineers) amounted to 1,916 mmboe, of which 570 mmbbl (30%) corresponded to crude oil, condensate 
and LPG, with the remainder, 1,346 mmboe (70%), corresponding to natural gas. 
A total of 272 Mboe in proved reserves was added in 2021, mainly as a result of extensions and discoveries as 
well as revisions of previous estimates. The proved reserves replacement ratio, calculated as the quotient between 
the total additions of proved reserves in the period and the production of the period, was 130% in 2021 (-21% in 
2020).

--- Page 65 ---
Page 62
Industrial 
Repsol’s Industrial segment includes mainly refining activities, petrochemical, trading and transportation of 
crude oil and oil products and commercialisation, transportation and regasification of natural gas and LNG. 
Set forth below is certain information in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods 
indicated: 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2021 
Year ended 
31/12/2020 
 
Refining capacity (kbbl/d) 
1,013
1,013
Conversion index in Spain (%) 
63
63
Refining margin indicator in Spain (U.S.$/bbl) 
2.4
2.2
Crude processed (million t) 
38.1
35.9
Petrochemical product sales (kt)  
2,819
2,729
 _________________  
Note:  These metrics include, in proportion to the Group’s respective ownership interest, the figures corresponding to its joint ventures or other 
companies managed as such.  
The Group owns and operates five refineries in Spain (Cartagena, A Coruña, Bilbao, Puertollano and 
Tarragona), with a total distillation capacity of 896 thousand barrels of oil/day (including the stake in Asfaltos 
Españoles, S.A., in Tarragona) and one in Peru (La Pampilla), in which Repsol is the operator and has a stake 
of 99.2%, the installed capacity amounts to 117 thousand barrels of oil/day. The Group’s refineries in Spain 
processed 34 million tons of crude oil in 2021, 3% more than in 2020, and their average use of distillation 
was 76% in Spain compared with 74% the previous year (88% in 2019). The refining margin index in Spain 
in 2021 stood at U.S.$2.4 per barrel, higher than in 2020 (U.S.$2.2 per barrel). The year 2021 continued to 
be shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on global demand and the gradual decline of refining 
margins. 
The production of Repsol’s Chemicals business is concentrated in three petrochemical complexes, located in 
Puertollano and Tarragona (Spain) and Sines (Portugal), in which there is a high level of integration between 
base chemicals and derived chemicals, as well as with the Group’s refining activities in the case of the 
Spanish complexes. Repsol also has different subsidiaries and affiliates, through which it has plants dedicated 
to the manufacture of polyolefin compounds, synthetic rubber and chemical specialities, the latter through 
Dynasol, a 50% partnership with the Mexican group KUO, with plants in Spain, Mexico and China, the latter 
together with local partners. Sales of petrochemical products to third parties in 2021 amounted to 2.8 million 
tons (2.7 million tons in 2020). Repsol’s Chemicals business’ performance was driven by solid demand and 
strong international margins, which reached record highs for the year ended 31 December 2021, particularly 
in the three-month period ended 30 June 2021. On 6 April 2022, Repsol announced that it has become a 
shareholder in Enerkem, a company devoted to waste-to-renewable fuels and chemicals technology, in line 
with its strategic focus on decarbonisation and circularity. 
In 2021, investments in circular energy projects were announced for the industrial complexes of Tarragona, 
A Coruña and Puertollano, for the construction of an advanced biofuels plant in Cartagena (construction 
commenced in March 2022) and the construction of two plants dedicated to 100% recyclable polymeric 
materials in Sines (Portugal). Furthermore, Repsol has announced its hydrogen strategy. As part of this new 
strategy, it approved an investment in a 2.5 MW electrolyser and has also made further progress in designing 
a number of large renewable hydrogen facilities in Tarragona, Cartagena and Petronor. 
Repsol also has a Trading business, the main function of which is to optimise the supply and marketing of 
the Group’s positions in international markets (integrated supply chain) and its activity consists of (i) the 
supply of crude oil and products for refining systems and other Group needs, (ii) the marketing of crude oil 
and surplus products from its own production, (iii) the maritime transport of crude oil and derivative products

--- Page 66 ---
Page 63
associated with these activities, and (iv) the management of product hedges in the financial derivative 
markets. In 2021, a total of 1,413 vessels were chartered (1,518 in 2020) and 397 voyages were made through 
the fleet in Time Charter (369 in 2020). 
Additionally, the Group has both its regasification and transport assets in its marketing businesses in North 
America, including the Saint John LNG (formerly known as Canaport and renamed after the additional 25% 
acquisition in 2021) regasification plant and the gas pipelines in Canada and the United States. 
Commercial and Renewables  
This business segment corresponds mainly to mobility and commercialisation of oil products and LPG, gas 
and electricity commercialisation and low carbon generation and renewable sources. Set forth below is 
certain information in respect of Repsol’s unaudited operating data for the periods indicated: 
 
Year ended 
31/12/2021 
Year ended 
31/12/2020 
 
Number of service stations 
4,689 
4,966 
Marketing own network sales (kt) 
21,091 
19,039 
Electricity generation capacity (MW) 
3,738 
3,295 
Electricity generation (GWh) 
5,283 
5,940 
LPG sales (kt)  
1,266
1,162
Activity of the Group’s commercial businesses steadily increased as markets started to recover from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, despite ups and downs as a result of pandemic waves. However, kerosene sales during 
2021 were impacted by the low levels of international traffic resulting from COVID-19-related restrictions.  
Repsol conducts distribution and mobility activities through its own personnel and facilities in four countries 
(Spain, Portugal, Peru and Mexico). As at 31 December 2021, Repsol had 4,689 service stations across Spain 
(3,313), Portugal (508), Peru (604) and Mexico (264). In 2021, Repsol sold its fuel business (including 
Repsol’s network of service stations and the direct fuel sales business) in Italy. Repsol also put into operation 
the first ultra-fast charging station (150 kW) for electric vehicles in Portugal, which provides the most 
powerful electric vehicles with a range of 250 km in just 15 minutes of charging, and constructed more than 
300 charging stations, with more than 550 charging points available to the public as at 31 December 2021. 
With respect to its LPG retail distribution business, Repsol distributes bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas 
in Spain, with approximately 4 million active customers as at 31 December 2021. In Portugal, Repsol 
distributes bottled LPG, bulk LPG and AutoGas to the final customer and supplies other operators. In Peru, 
it supplies AutoGas. Total LPG sales in 2021 amounted to 1,266 thousand metric tons (compared to 1,162 
thousand metric tons in 2020), of which 1,149 thousand metric tons corresponded to Spain (1,053 thousand 
metric tons in 2020), 90 thousand metric tons to Portugal (88 thousand metric tons in 2020) and 26 thousand 
metric tons to Peru (21 thousand metric tons in 2020). 
In addition, and to maximise the value of the entire chain of petroleum products from refining, Repsol is 
engaged in the production and commercialisation of lubricants, asphalts and specialised products. Production 
is mainly concentrated in Spain, although in the case of lubricants there are two additional manufacturing 
hubs: Mexico, through the joint venture with Bardahl, which covers the Americas, and Indonesia and 
Singapore, through the joint venture with United Oil, which covers Southeast Asia. Product sales in 2021 
were 5,941kt (6,329kt in 2020).  
In 2018, Repsol started its low carbon generation and gas and electricity commercialisation businesses with 
the acquisition of the non-regulated emission electricity production, and gas and electricity marketing

--- Page 67 ---
Page 64
businesses from Viesgo. Since then, the Group has enhanced its position as a multi-energy provider, 
embarking upon electrical generation and commercialisation activities of gas and electricity. 
Repsol’s commercialisation activities include services such as digital solutions, electricity certified as 100% 
low emissions, exclusive benefits for customers and discounts at Repsol’s network of service stations. Repsol 
commercialises electricity and gas in the retail sector, with over 1.3 million customers as at 31 December 
2021 (15% more than in 2020) and a total market share of 3.5% in Spain. As at 31 December 2021, the total 
volume marketed amounted to 3,964 GWh of electricity (3,911 GWh in 2020) and 1,586 GWh of gas (1,298 
GWh in 2020).  
With respect to low carbon and renewable electricity generation, as at 31 December 2021, Repsol had a total 
installed capacity of 3,738 MW (3,295 MW in 2020) consisting of hydroelectric plants (693 MW), two 
combined cycle plants (1,625 MW), cogeneration plants located in its industrial complexes (600 MW) and 
several operating solar and wind projects (820 MW). In 2021, electricity production totalled 5,283 GWh, 
compared to 5,940 GWh in 2020 (excluding generation at the cogeneration plants). As at 31 December 2021, 
Repsol had a total capacity under development of 2,323 MW (2,639 MW in 2020). 
In 2021, Repsol acquired 40% of Hecate Energy LLC, a U.S.-based photovoltaic solar and battery storage 
project developer with a portfolio of more than 40 GW of renewable and energy storage projects under 
development, as well as 100% of Jicarilla 2 in 2021 and Jicarilla 1 in 2022, two solar photovoltaic projects 
in the state of New Mexico. On 11 November 2021, Repsol announced that it had reached an agreement with 
the Pontegadea Group to become a partner in the Delta wind farm. Pontegadea has agreed to invest €245 
million to take a 49% stake in Delta, a wind farm located in the province of Zaragoza, Spain. In the first 
quarter of 2022, Repsol has reached an agreement with The Renewables Infrastructure Group, an 
international investment company managed by InfraRed, to sell a 49% stake in the Valdesolar solar project 
(Valdecaballeros, Badajoz) for an amount of €117 million. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Valdesolar solar project is Repsol’s largest solar plant in Spain with a total installed capacity of 264 
megawatts (MW). 
Board of Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
Board of Directors  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Antonio Brufau Niubó ......................................................  
Chairman 
Manuel Manrique Cecilia (1) .............................................  
Vice Chairman 
Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel ................................................  
CEO 
Aurora Catá Sala ...............................................................  
Director 
Arantza Estefanía Larrañaga .............................................  
Director 
Carmina Ganyet i Cirera ...................................................  
Director 
Teresa García-Milá Lloveras ............................................  
Director 
Emiliano López Achurra ...................................................  
Director 
Iván Martén Uliarte ...........................................................  
Director 
Ignacio Martín San Vicente ..............................................  
Director 
Mariano Marzo Carpio (2) .................................................  
Director 
Henri Philippe Reichstul ...................................................  
Director 
Isabel Torremocha Ferrezuelo ..........................................  
Director 
J. Robinson West ..............................................................  
Director 
Luis Suárez de Lezo Mantilla ...........................................  
Director and Secretary of the Board of Directors 
_______________  
(1) 
Nominated for membership by Sacyr, S.A.  
(2) 
Lead Independent Director. 
The business address of each of the directors as directors of the Guarantor is Calle Méndez Álvaro, 44, 28045 
Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 68 ---
Page 65
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Guarantor to the Guarantor 
and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The directors of the Guarantor have no principal 
activities performed by them outside the Guarantor where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor.  
Executive Committee  
The Guarantor has an Executive Committee (Comité Ejecutivo), which is responsible for running the global 
strategy and policies approved by the Board of Directors, and whose members, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Josu Jon Imaz San Miguel ...........................................................  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Luis Cabra Dueñas ......................................................................  
Executive Managing Director Energy Transition, Sustainability and 
Technology; Deputy to the CEO 
Antonio Lorenzo Sierra ...............................................................  
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
María Victoria Zingoni ................................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Customer and Low Carbon Generation 
Tomás García Blanco ..................................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Exploration and Production 
Miguel Klingenberg Calvo ..........................................................  
Executive Managing Director of Legal Affairs 
Juan Abascal Heredero ................................................................  
Executive Director of Industrial Transformation and Circular Economy 
Carmen Muñoz Perez ..................................................................  
Corporate Director of People & Organisation 
Valero Marín Sastrón. ..................................................................  
Corporate Director of Digitalisation and Global Services 
The business address of each of the members of the Executive Committee of the Guarantor is Calle Méndez 
Álvaro, 44, 28045 Madrid, Spain. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Executive Committee of 
the Guarantor to the Guarantor and their respective private interests and/or other duties. The members of the 
Executive Committee of the Guarantor have no principal activities performed by them outside the Guarantor 
where these are significant with respect to the Guarantor.  
Employees 
According to the audited consolidated financial statements of Repsol, S.A. as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s average employee headcount was 23,931 (24,183 in 2020). 
Cenyt investigation  
In 2019, the Spanish National Court (Audiencia Nacional) commenced a preliminary investigation into 
certain agreements between Repsol and Cenyt, a company connected to José Manuel Villarejo, the former 
Spanish police commissioner who is under criminal investigation in Spain for charges relating to bribery and 
corruption.  
Repsol has been co-operating with the Spanish judicial authorities in such investigation, which is being 
conducted in the context of a broader investigation called Operation Tandem concerning José Manuel 
Villarejo, to analyse Repsol contracting the services of Cenyt.  
In the course of this investigation, Repsol’s chairman, Repsol’s secretary of the Board of Directors, as well 
as three former Repsol executives and a former employee of Repsol have testified before the court in relation 
to Repsol’s hiring of Cenyt’s services as “investigated parties” (called “investigados” under Spanish law). 
Pursuant to Spanish criminal procedure, being declared as an investigated party in this phase of the 
proceedings does not mean that a formal accusation of a crime has been made.

--- Page 69 ---
Page 66
On 29 July 2021, and after hearing the Repsol’s legal representative, the Spanish National Court issued an 
order by virtue of which it dismissed and closed the proceeding with respect to Repsol, S.A. and its chairman, 
acknowledging the profound culture of regulatory compliance that Repsol considers intrinsic to its way of 
doing business.  
On 20 September 2021, the Spanish National Court decided to close the preliminary investigation and issued 
an order by virtue of which it dismissed and closed the proceeding also with respect to Repsol’s secretary of 
the Board of Directors and two former Repsol executives. With respect to the other investigated parties, a 
former executive and a former employee of Repsol, although the proceedings are ongoing as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it should be noted that no formal charges have been brought against them. 
Both decisions were appealed by the Attorney’s General Office and the private criminal prosecution before 
the Criminal Chamber of the Spanish National Court. On 7 February 2022 and 7 March 2022, respectively, 
the Court allowed such appeals and revoked the dismissals, considering that additional evidence needed to 
be gathered. Repsol believes that this additional evidence will reinforce the conclusions reached by the 
Spanish National Court in July and September 2021 regarding the dismissals, as a result of the comprehensive 
investigation that was carried out. 
Repsol has historically maintained an exemplary track record in terms of regulatory compliance and crime 
prevention, with a Code of Ethics and Conduct and a compliance system that meets the strictest national and 
international standards, beyond what is required by applicable regulations. Consequently, following the first 
press reports about Cenyt’s hiring by Repsol and before any judicial investigation into this matter 
commenced, Repsol’s compliance department carried out an internal investigation, assisted by independent 
external experts who performed forensic work. The investigation concluded that there had been no illegal 
conduct or any violation of the Group’s Code of Ethics and Conduct on the part of any director, senior 
manager or employee of Repsol, past or present, in connection with contracting the services of Cenyt.  
Furthermore, on 21 April 2021, Repsol’s Board of Directors, following a report by the Audit and Control 
Committee and the Nominations Committee and a specific meeting of the Independent Directors reached the 
same conclusion which was made public on 21 April and 8 July 2021, reiterating its support for Repsol’s 
chairman and Repsol’s secretary of the Board of Directors, as well as Repsol’s commitment to continue to 
fully cooperate with the ongoing investigation. 
Share capital and major shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s share capital is comprised of 1,452,396,053 shares at 
a nominal value of €1 fully subscribed and paid, and admitted to listing on the automated quotation system 
(mercado continuo) of the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges. The Guarantor also 
has a programme of ADS, currently traded on the OTCQX market in the United States.  
In accordance with the latest information available to Repsol, at the date of this Base Prospectus the 
Guarantor’s major shareholders beneficially owned the following percentages of its ordinary shares:  
Shareholder 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares 
(direct) 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
attributed to 
shares (indirect) 
Percentage of 
voting rights 
through financial 
instruments 
Percentage 
of total 
voting 
rights 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BlackRock, Inc. (1) 
— 
5.306 
0.169 
5.475 
Banco Santander, S.A. (2)  
1.512 
— 
2.317 
3.829 
 
 
 
 
 
Amundi, S.A. (3) 
— 
3.203 
— 
3.203 
Sacyr, S.A. (4) 
— 
2.531 
— 
2.531

--- Page 70 ---
Page 67
 _________________  
(1) 
BlackRock, Inc. holds its interest through several controlled entities. The information is based on the statement submitted by BlackRock, Inc. to the CNMV on 2 
May 2022, based on the share capital amount of 1,527,396,053 shares. 
(2) 
The information is based on the statement submitted by Banco Santander, S.A. to the CNMV on 26 November 2021, based on the share capital amount of 
1,527,396,053 shares. 
(3) 
Amundi, S.A. holds its interest through several controlled entities. The information is based on the statement submitted by Amundi, S.A. to the CNMV on 14 
February 2022, based on the share capital amount of 1,527,396,053 shares. 
(4) 
Sacyr, S.A. holds its interest through Sacyr Investments II, S.A.U. 
 
Material Contracts 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not party to any material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, which could result in any member of the Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Guarantor’s or the Issuers’ ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
The Group companies are party to judicial and arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of their 
business activities. The most significant of these, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability, and their status as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
are summarised below. 
United Kingdom 
Addax arbitration in relation to the purchase of Talisman Energy UK Limited (TSEUK) 
On 13 July 2015, Addax Petroleum UK Limited (Addax) and Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration 
and Production Corporation (Sinopec) filed a Notice of Arbitration against Talisman Energy Inc. (now 
known as ROGCI) and Talisman Colombia Holdco Limited (TCHL) in connection with the purchase of 
49% of the shares of TSEUK (now known as RSRUK). On 1 October 2015, ROGCI and TCHL submitted 
the answer to the “Notice of Arbitration”. On 25 May 2016, Addax and Sinopec formalised the arbitration 
claim, in which they requested that, in the event that their claims are upheld in full, they be paid the amount 
of their initial investment in RSRUK, which materialised in 2012 through the purchase of 49% of RSRUK 
from TCHL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ROGCI, together with any additional investment, past or future, 
in such company, as well as any loss of opportunity that could have occurred, which is estimated to be a total 
amount of approximately U.S.$5,500 million. 
The dispute relates to events which took place in 2012, prior to Repsol’s acquisition of Talisman Energy Inc. 
in 2015 and does not involve any actions by Repsol.  
ROGCI and TCHL asked the Arbitral Tribunal to dismiss the claims of Addax and Sinopec based on 
contractual warranties. On 15 August 2017, the Arbitral Tribunal issued a First Partial Award dismissing the 
warranty claims of Addax and Sinopec.  
The Arbitral Tribunal decided, among other procedural matters, to split the procedure into two phases: the 
first addressing liability and the second dealing with the amount of any liability that, eventually, could be 
determined. 
The five main matters in dispute are Reserves, Production, Abandonment, Projects and Maintenance.  
The oral hearing on liability issues took place between 29 January and 22 February and between 18 June and 
29 June 2018, this last period being devoted mainly to the evidence of the experts proposed by the parties. 
The hearing on the oral conclusions was held from 9 July to 11 July 2018 and the written conclusions were 
presented on 29 September and 12 October 2018.  
On 29 January 2020, the Arbitral Tribunal issued its Second Partial Award on Reserves and found ROGCI 
and TCHL liable to Sinopec and Addax in respect of such matter. On 28 April 2020, Repsol challenged the

--- Page 71 ---
Page 68
Second Partial Award in the Singapore courts, as the case had been transferred to the Singapore International 
Commercial Court (SICC). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is expected that the decision on the 
challenge will be issued in the third quarter of 2022. 
On 20 April 2021, the Arbitration Tribunal issued a Third Partial Award in connection with the other issues 
in the liability phase which were awaiting determination, finding TCHL and ROGCI liable in relation to 
Production (overlapping with the previous award related to Reserves) and dismissing the Addax and Sinopec 
claims in respect of the other matters (Decommissioning, Projects and Maintenance). On 19 July 2021, 
ROGCI and TCHL challenged this Third Partial Award in the courts of Singapore.  
Following this award, the arbitration proceeding will continue to the quantum phase which, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, is not expected to be resolved until at least the fourth quarter of 2023. 
The Third Partial Award dismissed most of Addax and Sinopec’s claims and therefore allows a better 
estimation of the liabilities related to this claim. Therefore, the Group has re-evaluated the current provision 
necessary to cover the corresponding risks and, as a consequence of the analysis done by the Group and its 
external lawyers and advisers, the Group has reduced the provision previously recorded.  
Additionally, on 30 November 2017, the Guarantor commenced arbitration proceedings against China 
Petroleum Corporation and TipTop Luxembourg S.A.R.L. (which are both Sinopec group companies) 
seeking relief from any adverse ruling on the arbitration referred to above together with other damages yet 
unquantified as at the date of this Base Prospectus. This procedure is based on their conduct towards Repsol 
during the months leading up to its acquisition of Talisman Energy Inc. and its group. The Arbitration 
Tribunal issued an award dismissing Repsol’s claim. This decision does not have any impact in the risk 
assessment and the provision of the Addax arbitration. 
United States of America 
The Passaic River / Newark Bay lawsuit 
The events underlying this litigation relate to the sale by Maxus Energy Corporation (Maxus) of its former 
chemicals subsidiary, Diamond Shamrock Chemical Company (Chemicals) to Occidental Chemical 
Corporation (OCC). Maxus agreed to indemnify Occidental for certain environmental contingencies relating 
to the business and activities of Chemicals prior to 4 September 1986. Maxus was subsequently acquired by 
YPF in 1995 and in 1999 the Guarantor acquired YPF. 
In December 2005, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) and the New Jersey Spill 
Compensation Fund (together, the State of New Jersey) sued the Guarantor (then called Repsol YPF S.A.), 
YPF, YPF Holdings Inc. (YPFH), CLH Holdings (CLHH), Tierra Solutions, Inc. (Tierra), Maxus and OCC 
for the alleged contamination caused by the former Chemicals plant which allegedly contaminated the Passaic 
River, Newark Bay and other bodies of water and properties in the vicinity. 
On 26 September 2012, OCC lodged a Second Amended Cross Claim (the Cross Claim) against the 
Guarantor, YPF, Maxus, Tierra and CLHH (together, the Defendants) demanding, among other things, that 
the Guarantor and YPF be held liable for Maxus’ debts. 
Between June 2013 and August 2014, the Defendants signed different agreements with the State of New 
Jersey, in which they did not acknowledge liability and through certain payments in exchange for the 
withdrawal by the State of New Jersey of its proceedings against them. In February 2015, the Guarantor filed 
a claim against OCC for the U.S.$65 million that it had to pay to the State of New Jersey. 
On 5 April 2016, the Presiding Judge decided to dismiss OCC’s suit against the Guarantor in full. On 17 June 
2016, Maxus filed for bankruptcy with the Federal Bankruptcy Court of the State of Delaware, and also 
requested the stay of the Cross Claim. On 19 October 2017, the Presiding Judge upheld the Guarantor’s claim 
against OCC in full, ordering OCC to pay U.S.$65 million plus interest and costs.

--- Page 72 ---
Page 69
On 14 September 2018, Maxus, which was declared by the Federal Bankruptcy Court of Delaware the 
successor to OCC (its main creditor) as the claimant in the Cross Claim, filed an appeal against the ruling 
handed down in these proceeding, rejecting the claim between Maxus and Repsol. At the same time, OCC 
filed an appeal against the claim ordering them to pay the U.S.$65 million that Repsol had to pay to the State 
of New Jersey. On 27 December 2021, the New Jersey Superior Court Appellate Division reversed the 
decisions of the trial court, accepting the appeals of Maxus and OCC. This decision does not find Repsol 
liable but rather remands the case to the trial court as it was considered that summary judgment could not be 
granted at this stage of the proceedings. 
On 14 June 2018, the bankruptcy administrators of Maxus filed a lawsuit (the New Claim) in the Federal 
Bankruptcy Court of the State of Delaware against YPF, the Guarantor and certain subsidiaries of both 
companies for the same claims as those contained in the Cross Claim. In February 2019, the Federal 
Bankruptcy Court rejected the petitions submitted by the Guarantor requesting that the Court reject the New 
Claim from the outset, which implies that the proceedings will be ongoing. Repsol maintains the view, as has 
been shown in the Cross Claim, that the claims made in the New Claim and in the Insurance Claim are 
unfounded. 
On 10 December 2019, the bankruptcy administrators of Maxus filed an insurance claim in Texas (the 
Insurance Claim) against Greenstone Assurance Limited (a historical captive reinsurance company of the 
Maxus group and currently 100% owned by the Guarantor, Greenstone), claiming that Greenstone would 
be required to pay Maxus compensation for the liabilities arising from the indemnity granted to OCC, by 
virtue of alleged insurance policies issued by Greenstone between 1974 and 1998. 
Repsol continues to maintain the view that the claims asserted in the Insurance Claim are unfounded. 
However, the parties agreed to settle the claims for an amount of U.S.$25 million. The settlement agreement 
was executed on 25 March 2021 and the parties filed with the Court a joint motion to dismiss with prejudice 
on 26 March 2021, which was granted on 9 April 2021. 
Administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications  
Repsol does business globally, operating as a vertically-integrated oil and gas company, which translates into 
growing complexity with respect to tax management in the current international context. 
In accordance with current tax legislation, tax returns cannot be considered final until they have been audited 
by the tax authorities or until the statute of limitation period in each tax jurisdiction has elapsed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the years for which Repsol Group companies have their tax returns 
open for audit in respect of the main applicable taxes are as follows: 
Country 
Years 
Country 
Years 
Algeria 
2017 – 2021 
Mexico 
2017 – 2021 
Bolivia 
2015 – 2021 
Norway 
2019 – 2021 
Canada 
2015 – 2021 
Netherlands 
2020 – 2021 
Colombia 
2016 – 2021 
Peru 
2016 – 2021 
Ecuador 
2017 – 2021 
Portugal 
2018 – 2021 
Spain 
2017 – 2021 
United Kingdom 
2015 – 2021 
United States 
2018 – 2021 
Singapore 
2016 – 2021 
Indonesia 
2017 – 2021 
Trinidad y Tobago 
2015 – 2021 
Libya 
2013 – 2021 
Venezuela 
2016 – 2021 
 
Whenever discrepancies arise between Repsol and the tax authorities with respect to the tax treatment 
applicable to certain operations, the Group acts with the authorities in a transparent and cooperative manner 
in order to resolve the resulting controversy, using the legal avenues available with a view to reaching non-
litigious solutions. However, during the year ended 31 December 2021, as in prior years, there are

--- Page 73 ---
Page 70
administrative and legal proceedings with tax implications that might be adverse to the Group’s interest and 
that have given rise to litigious situations that could result in additional tax liabilities. Repsol believes that it 
has acted lawfully in handling such matters and that its defence arguments are underpinned by reasonable 
interpretations of prevailing legislation, to which end it has lodged appeals as necessary to defend the interests 
of the Group and its shareholders. 
It is difficult to predict when these tax proceedings will be resolved due to the extensive appeals process. 
Based on the advice received from in-house and external tax experts, Repsol believes that the tax liabilities 
that may ultimately derive from these proceedings will not have a significant impact on Repsol’s financial 
statements.  
As a general rule, the Group recognises provisions for tax-related proceedings that it deems it is likely to 
lose. The amounts to be provisioned are calculated on the basis of the best estimate of the amount needed to 
settle the lawsuit in question, underpinned, among others, by a case-by-case analysis of the facts, the legal 
opinions of its in-house and external advisers and prior experience from past events in these matters. 
The main tax-related lawsuits affecting the Group at 31 December 2021 were as follows: 
Bolivia 
YPFB Andina, S.A. is involved in a lawsuit regarding the deductibility of royalty payments and hydrocarbon 
shares from the company’s income tax. A judgment has been handed down at first instance, rejecting the 
company’s claim and the lawsuit is currently awaiting a ruling at second instance. The Group believes that 
its position is expressly supported by law. 
Brazil 
Petrobras, as operator of the Albacora Leste, BMS 7, BMES 21 and BMS 9 consortia (in which Repsol has 
a 10%, 37%, 11% and 25% interest, respectively), received various tax assessments (IRRF, CIDE and 
PIS/COFINS) for tax years 2008 to 2013 in connection with payments to foreign companies for charter 
contracts for exploration platforms and related services used for activities in the blocks. 
Likewise, Repsol Sinopec Brasil received assessments for the same items and taxes (tax years 2009 and 
2011), in connection with payments to foreign companies for contracts for exploration charters and related 
services used in blocks BMS 48, BMS 55, BMES 29 and BMC 33, in which Repsol Sinopec Brasil is the 
operator.  
These lawsuits are currently limited to CIDE and PIS/COFINS, after the Group availed itself of a programme 
authorised by Law 13,586/17, which made it possible to reduce the amount in dispute regarding personal 
income tax (IRRF) through the retroactive application of the price determination percentages (split) contained 
in this law, abandoning the lawsuits in progress and without any penalties being applicable. 
All these assessments have been appealed in administrative or court proceedings (at first or second instance), 
with a favourable ruling at second instance. The Group considers that it has acted in accordance with the law 
and in line with general practice in the sector. 
In 2021, Repsol Sinopec Brasil received a proposal to adjust its transfer pricing policy with regard to the 
methodology for calculating the remuneration for the charter services rendered in 2016 for the drilling and 
extraction rigs owned by Agri BV and Guara BV. Repsol has filed pleadings as it considers that the applied 
remuneration calculation methodology is correct. 
Canada 
The Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) periodically reviews the tax situation of the companies of Repsol Oil 
& Gas Canada Inc. (ROGCI, formerly Talisman Group, acquired by Repsol in 2015) resident in Canada. In

--- Page 74 ---
Page 71
recent years, Repsol has strengthened cooperative relationships with the CRA, which has allowed it to reach 
agreements with the CRA. In 2020, the tax audit of international operations for tax years 2011 to 2014 was 
concluded with an agreement reached and without any significant impact for the Group. International 
operations for the years 2015 and 2016 and corporate income tax for the years 2017 and 2018 are currently 
being audited. 
Spain 
Proceedings relating to the following corporate income tax years are currently open. 
 
Financial years 2006 to 2009. In relation to the audit for these years, the matters in dispute relate 
mainly to (i) transfer pricing, (ii) tax credits for losses incurred on investments abroad and (iii) 
tax credits for investment incentives, the majority of them as a result of changes in the criteria 
maintained by the Administration in previous audits. In relation to the transfer pricing 
adjustments, the settlements were annulled as a consequence of the resolution of a dispute by the 
Arbitration Board of the Economic Agreement with the Basque Country, the resolution of a 
mutual agreement with the U.S. and two decisions handed down by the Central Economic 
Administrative Tribunal; the tax authorities issued a new assessment for the 2007-2009 period 
applying the criteria already accepted in subsequent years by the Administration and the Group 
as taxpayer (the assessment for 2006 is still pending). In relation to the other matters (tax credits 
for losses incurred from investments abroad and tax credits for R&D), the Central Economic 
Administrative Court partially upheld Repsol’s appeals, and with regard to the matters that were 
not upheld, two appeals for judicial review were filed with the National Court (for 2006 and for 
2007-2009). In 2021, the National Court handed down a judgment with regard to the appeal 
corresponding to the 2007-2009 period, fully upholding the appeal relating to the tax credits for 
investments (R&D tax incentives), and mostly upholding the appeal relating to the tax credit for 
losses incurred from investments abroad. Accordingly, as the latter appeal was only partially 
dismissed, Repsol has prepared an appeal to be filed with the Supreme Court (the admission of 
the appeal has recently been rejected but it is not a definitive decision and it will be considered 
again). Consequently, more than 90% of the amount originally demanded by the tax authorities 
has already been definitively annulled. 
 
Financial years 2010 to 2013. The actions in relation to these years were concluded in 2017 
without any penalties being imposed and, for the large part, by means of assessments signed on 
an uncontested basis or agreements from which no significant liabilities have arisen for the 
Group. However, with regards to two issues (deductibility of interest for the late payment of 
taxes and the deduction of losses on overseas business), the administrative decision has been 
subject to appeal, as the Group believes it has acted within the law. The Central Economic 
Administrative Tribunal rejected this claim and an appeal for judicial review was filed with the 
National Court, which has yet to hand down a decision. Regarding the deductibility of late 
payment interest, the Supreme Court has already followed case law in line with the position 
defended by Repsol. 
 
Financial years 2014 to 2016. The audit ended in December 2019 without the imposition of any 
penalty and, for the most part, with assessments signed on an uncontested basis or agreements 
that did not generate significant liabilities for the Group. However, there are still disputes 
regarding the deduction of losses for foreign investments and the corresponding claim has been 
filed against the administrative ruling, since the Group believes that its actions were in 
accordance with the law. 
 
Financial years 2017 to 2020. In November 2021, the Group was notified that a tax audit for 
these years would be carried out.

--- Page 75 ---
Page 72
Indonesia 
The Indonesian tax authorities have been questioning various aspects regarding the taxation of the profits of 
the permanent establishments that the Group has in the country, in particular with regard to the application 
of the reduced rate of the double taxation treaties signed by Indonesia. The Group considers that its actions 
are in line with general practice in the sector and are in accordance with the law and, therefore, the disputes 
on which such actions are based are being appealed through administrative proceedings or a ruling has yet to 
be handed down by the courts. 
Peru 
The Peruvian Tax Authorities (SUNAT) modified the 2014 income tax assessment of RELAPASAA as the 
transfer prices applied on certain sales and purchases came into question. An administrative appeal has been 
filed against this matter.  
 
The Supervisory Agency for Investment in Energy and Mining (OSINERGMIN) ordered RELAPASAA to 
pay the “contribution for regulation of the companies of the hydrocarbon subsector” for the sales of aircraft 
fuel, however, it is the Group’s understanding that such sales are not subject to this tax as the use of such 
product is exempt. An administrative appeal has been filed against this matter. 
 
The Group does not expect any additional liabilities to arise that could have a significant impact on the 
Group’s profit as a result of the above proceedings.

--- Page 76 ---
Page 73
TAXATION  
Luxembourg 
Introduction 
The following is a summary of certain material Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of Notes issued by Repsol Europe Finance. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
possible tax situations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or sell Notes. It is included herein 
solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal 
or tax advice. This summary does not allow any conclusion to be drawn with respect to issues not specifically 
addressed. The following description of Luxembourg tax law is based on the Luxembourg law and 
regulations in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
These laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax consequences of 
subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing of the Notes, including the application and effect of any 
federal, state or local taxes under the tax laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and each country of which 
they are residents or citizens. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please 
note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), the solidarity surcharge (contribution 
au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu des personnes physiques). 
Corporate taxpayers may further be subject to net worth tax (impôt sur la fortune), as well as other duties, 
levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax and the solidarity surcharge invariably apply 
to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and a solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where individual 
taxpayers act in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business 
tax may apply as well. 
Tax residency 
A noteholder will not become resident, nor be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg solely by virtue of 
holding and/or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of his/her 
rights thereunder. 
Withholding tax 
Resident Noteholders 
 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect (subject to the exception below), there is no withholding tax 
on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg resident Noteholder. 
There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of principal, refund or redemption of the 
Notes held by a Luxembourg resident Noteholder.  
 
However, under the amended Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (Relibi Law), a 20% Luxembourg 
withholding tax is levied on interest or similar income payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to or 
for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg. This withholding 
tax also applies on accrued or capitalised interest received upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual

--- Page 77 ---
Page 74
acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding tax is 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, 
who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar income made by a paying agent 
established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the EU or the EEA, may opt for a final 20% levy. In 
such case, the 20% levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents. The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by such foreign paying 
agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the declaration and payment of 
the 20% levy is assumed by the Luxembourg resident individual beneficial owner of the interest. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. There is also no Luxembourg 
withholding tax upon repayment of the principal, refund or redemption of the Notes held by a Luxembourg 
non-resident Noteholder. 
Income tax 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have neither a permanent establishment nor a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal or interest (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) or realise capital gains upon redemption, repurchase, sale, disposal or exchange, in any form 
whatsoever, of any Notes. 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable are liable to Luxembourg income 
tax on any interest received or accrued, as well as any reimbursement premium received at maturity and any 
capital gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes and have to include this 
income in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
A resident individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the 
Notes, except if a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes, 
which do not constitute zero coupon notes, by an individual Noteholder, who is a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes and who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth are not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the acquisition 
of the Notes.  
A resident individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and 
who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding 
to accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes in his/her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but 
unpaid interest is indicated separately in the agreement.

--- Page 78 ---
Page 75
A gain realised upon a sale of Zero Coupon Notes before their maturity by Luxembourg resident Noteholders, 
in the course of the management of their private wealth, must be included in their taxable income for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable, have to include any interest received or accrued, as 
well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in any form whatsoever, in their taxable income 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the Relibi 
Law will be credited against the final tax liability of the Noteholders. Taxable gains are determined as being 
the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and 
the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders must include any interest received or accrued, redemption premium or 
issue discounts under the Notes as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes, in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the 
difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including but unpaid interest) and the lower of 
the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, for example, (i) 
undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised 
investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management 
companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds treated 
as specialised investment funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 23 July 
2016 are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as well as gains 
realised thereon, are not subject to income taxes. 
Net worth tax 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders and non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to net 
worth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is (i) an individual, (ii) an undertaking for collective 
investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (iii) a securitisation company subject to the 
amended law of 22 March 2004, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, (v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (vi) a 
family wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, or (viii) a reserved alternative investment 
fund governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016. 
However, (i) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004, (ii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, (iii) a company governed by the amended 
law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, or (iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment fund 
treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 23 
July 2016 are subject to a minimum net worth tax. 
Other taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by the Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as 
a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or repurchase of the Notes unless such issuance, transfer, 
redemption or repurchase is (i) voluntarily presented to the registration formalities, or (ii) appended to a 
document that requires mandatory registration.

--- Page 79 ---
Page 76
Under current Luxembourg tax law, where an individual Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable base for 
inheritance tax purposes. On the contrary, no estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes 
upon death of an individual Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death. Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if the 
gift is recorded in a deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
 
The Netherlands  
Introduction 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations 
that could be relevant to holders of the Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V. This summary is 
intended for general information only. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Dutch tax legislation 
and published case law in force as of the date of this document. It does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect. For the purposes of this section, “The Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is in Europe and “the relevant Issuer” shall mean Repsol International Finance B.V. 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands, with 
the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the Dutch tax 
consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the relevant Issuer (such a substantial interest 
is generally present if an equity stake of at least 5%, or a right to acquire such a stake, is held, in each 
case by reference to the relevant Issuer’s total issued share capital, or the issued capital of a certain 
class of shares); 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in “box 1” for the purposes of Dutch income tax 
(inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) to which 
the Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in “box 1” with respect to benefits derived 
from the Notes; 
(iii) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the relevant Issuer (such a 
participation is generally present in the case of an interest of at least 5% of the relevant Issuer’s 
nominal paid-in capital);  
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) 
or investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, a 
pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for tax purposes;  
(v) 
which is a corporate entity and a resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands; or 
(vi) 
which is not considered the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of the Notes and/or the 
benefits derived from the Notes. 
This summary does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for a person to whom the Notes are attributed 
on the basis of the separated private assets provisions (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) in the Dutch

--- Page 80 ---
Page 77
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and/or the Dutch Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 
(Successiewet 1956).  
This summary also does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is considered to 
be affiliated (gelieerd) to any Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to an Issuer for 
these purposes if such holder of Notes, either individually or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende 
groep), has a decisive influence on the Issuer’s decisions, in such a way that such holder of Notes, or the 
collaborating group of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of the Issuer. A holder of Notes, 
or the collaborating group of which such holder of Notes forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting 
rights in the Issuer, or in which the relevant Issuer holds more than 50% of the voting rights, is in any event 
considered to be affiliated. A holder of Notes is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights both in such holder of Notes and the Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuers under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except where Notes are issued under such terms and 
conditions that such Notes can be classified as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch civil law purposes 
and/or for Dutch tax purposes or function as equity of the relevant Issuer within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, letter d, of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Income tax 
Resident holders:  
A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of the Netherlands for the 
purposes of Dutch income tax, must record Notes as assets that are held in “box 3”. Taxable income with 
regard to the Notes is then determined on the basis of a certain deemed return on the holder’s yield basis 
(rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar the yield basis exceeds a €50,650 
threshold (heffingsvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the holder 
of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the calendar year. 
The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the holder's yield basis. The holder’s yield 
basis is allocated to up to three brackets for which different deemed returns apply. The first bracket includes 
amounts up to and including €50,650, which amount will be split into a 67% low-return part and a 33% high-
return part. The second bracket includes amounts in excess of €50,650 and up to and including €962,350, 
which amount will be split into a 21% low-return part and a 79% high-return part. The third bracket includes 
amounts in excess of €962,350, which will be considered high-return in full. The deemed return percentages 
will be reassessed every year. The deemed return on the holder’s yield basis is taxed at a rate of 31%. Based 
on case law and depending on a holder’s actual income and gains from these and other passive investments, 
a holder may be entitled to a reduction of this tax. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch income tax, will not be subject to such tax in respect 
of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or 
a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands, to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Corporate income tax 
Resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income tax, 
a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the 
Notes at rates of up to 25.8%.

--- Page 81 ---
Page 78
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Dutch corporate income 
tax, is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject to corporate 
income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands (a Dutch Enterprise 
(Nederlandse onderneming)), to which Dutch Enterprise the Notes are attributable, or such holder is (other 
than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25.8%. 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of an 
acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who 
is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance 
tax. 
Non-resident holders: No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition (or deemed 
acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither a resident, nor 
treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax. 
Other taxes 
No Dutch turnover tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of 
Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of Notes. Furthermore, no 
Dutch registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other similar tax or duty) will be 
payable in connection with the issue or acquisition of the Notes. 
Residency 
A holder will not become a resident, or a deemed resident, of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by 
reason only of holding the Notes.  
 
The Kingdom of Spain 
General 
The following is an overview of the principal Spanish tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of 
Notes. 
This overview is not a complete analysis or listing of all the possible tax consequences of the ownership or 
disposition of the Notes. It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular 
holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to 
the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Prospective 
investors should therefore consult their tax advisers with respect to the Spanish and other tax consequences 
taking into consideration the circumstances of each particular case.  
The statements regarding Spanish tax laws set out below are based on those laws in force at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.

--- Page 82 ---
Page 79
a) Withholding tax 
Payments made by the relevant Issuer 
On the basis that none of the Issuers is resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and do not operate 
in the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and 
interest made by any of the Issuers in respect of the Notes can be made free of any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any taxes in the Kingdom of Spain of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with applicable Spanish law. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity 
or a non-resident entity that operates in the Kingdom of Spain through a permanent establishment in the 
Kingdom of Spain is acting as depositary of the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the 
Notes.  
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed 
all the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee, 
they may attempt to impose withholding tax in the Kingdom of Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor 
in respect of interest at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.).  Such interest withholding 
tax shall not apply however, among others, when the recipient is either: 
(a) 
resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European Union, other than Spain, or in another 
state member of the European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange of 
information with Spain (or is a permanent establishment of such resident situated in another Member 
State of the European Union or in another state member of the European Economic Area with which 
there is an effective exchange of information with Spain) not acting through a territory considered 
as a non-cooperative jurisdiction (as set out in the First Additional Provision of Spanish Act 36/2006, 
of 29 November, as amended through Act 11/2021, of 9 July) nor through a permanent establishment 
in Spain or in a country outside the European Union or outside a country in the European Economic 
Area with which there is an effective exchange of information with Spain, provided that such person 
submits to the Guarantor a valid tax residence certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, 
such certificate being valid for a period of one year from the date of issue under Spanish law and 
therefore new certificates needing to be issued periodically,  
(b) 
resident in a country which has entered into a Tax Treaty with Spain which provides for the 
exemption from withholding of interest paid under the Notes, provided that such person submits to 
the Guarantor a valid tax resident certificate, issued by the competent Tax Authorities, such 
certificate being valid for a period of one year from the date of issue under Spanish law and therefore 
new certificates needing to be issued periodically, or  
(c) 
a Spanish Corporate Income Taxpayer, provided that the Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as initially envisaged. Tax treaties could eliminate or reduce this 
hypothetical withholding taxation. See condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
Page 80
b) Taxes on income and capital gains. 
Non-Resident Holder  
This paragraph is of application to a non-resident of Spain for tax purposes, whose holding of Notes is not 
effectively connected to a permanent establishment in Spain through which such person or entity carries on 
a business or trade in Spain (Non-Resident Holder).  
For Spanish tax purposes the holding of the Notes will not in and of itself cause a non-Spanish resident to be 
considered tax resident in Spain nor to be considered to have a permanent establishment in Spain.  
Payments made by the relevant Issuer to a Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to Spanish tax.  
Subject to the above (see “Payments made by the Guarantor”), any payment by the Guarantor that could be 
made pursuant to the Guarantee to a Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to withholding tax levied by 
Spain, and such Holder will not, by virtue of receipt of such payment, become subject to other additional 
taxation in Spain.  
A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to any Spanish taxes on capital gains in respect of a gain realised 
on the disposal of a Note.  
Residents  
Spanish tax-residents are subject to Corporate or Individual Income Tax on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons or entities that are 
considered residents in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that (i) a Spanish corporation pays interest, or (ii) 
interest is paid in Spain, will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain.  
As a general rule, non-Spanish taxes withheld at source on income obtained out of Spain are deducted when 
computing tax liability, provided that they do not exceed the corresponding Spanish tax. Specific rules may 
apply according to tax treaties. 
It is to be noted that if Notes are traded in Spain, general rules governing advanced taxation at source 
(retenciones) will be applicable in connection with Spanish tax-resident holders of the Notes. The rate of 
taxation at source is currently set at 19%. However, when the income recipient is a corporation, certain 
exemptions have been established, so corporate holders are suggested to obtain independent tax advice. The 
advanced tax is credited against final Individual or Corporate Income Tax with no limit; hence, any excess 
entitles the taxpayer to a refund. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Income Tax rates applicable in Spain are: 
(i) for individual taxpayers 19% up to €6,000; 21% for taxable capital income between €6,000.01 and 
€50,000; 23% for taxable capital income between €50,001 and €200,000; and 26% on taxable 
capital income exceeding €200,000. 
(ii) for corporate taxpayers 25%, though, under certain circumstances (small companies, non-profit 
entities, among others), a lower rate may apply. 
Net Wealth Tax (NWT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax but by legislation of Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax). 
Non-residents

--- Page 84 ---
Page 81
NWT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for 
those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
Under Law 19/1991, 6 June 1991, as amended (the NWT Law), all Spanish-resident individual shareholders 
are liable for NWT on all net assets and rights deemed to be owned as of 31 December, irrespective of where 
these assets are located or where the rights may be exercised, and amounting to more than €700,000 (such 
amount may be lower depending on the Spanish region of domicile of the taxpayer). A Holder who is required 
to file a NWT return should value the Notes at their average trading price in the last quarter of the year. Such 
average trading price is published on an annual basis by the Spanish Ministry of Finance. 
NWT is levied at rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%, without prejudice to any relevant exemption which 
may apply and the relevant laws and regulations in force in each autonomous region of Spain. Thus, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals (i.e., corporations and entities, either resident or non-resident, are 
not affected by this particular tax). 
Non-residents 
IGT may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or 
that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for 
those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Residents 
The transfer of the Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy (on death or as a gift) to individuals resident in Spain 
is subject to IGT as set out in Law 29/1987, of 18 December (the IGT Law), being payable by the person 
who acquires the securities, at an effective tax rate ranging from 7.65% to 81.60%, depending on relevant 
factors (such as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-existing 
assets of the taxpayer and the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, investors 
should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation.

--- Page 85 ---
Page 82
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
13 May 2022 (as further amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) between 
the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous 
basis by each Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes may also be sold by each Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers.  
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. Each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer.  
Selling Restrictions  
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (The 
Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S).  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold the Notes of any identifiable tranche, and shall not offer and sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of such Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period, as defined in Regulation

--- Page 86 ---
Page 83
S under the Securities Act, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
Page 84
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the FSMA) by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in 
Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the Notes be carried out except (i) in circumstances which do not 
require the registration of a prospectus in Spain as provided by article 34 of the Restated Spanish Securities 
Market Act approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 2015 (Real Decreto Legislativo 
4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
Securities Market Act) and the Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) by institutions authorised to provide 
investment services in Spain under the Securities Market Act and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February 
(Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión 
y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión). 
Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and, therefore, the Base Prospectus is not 
intended to be used for any public offering of Notes in Spain non-exempted from the prospectus 
requirements. 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in 
definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at 
maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen, as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen (the SCA)) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from 
or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which 
include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue 
of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in 
the conduct of a business or profession, and (iii) the issue and trading of those Notes, if they are physically

--- Page 88 ---
Page 85
issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or 
immediately thereafter. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered

--- Page 89 ---
Page 86
or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore - Unless 
otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the Italian Securities Regulator, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to any Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver

--- Page 90 ---
Page 87
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:  
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
Financial Services Act) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the Issuers Regulation), all as amended from time to time; or  
(b) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time to 
time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993 (the Banking Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended 
from time to time;  
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other 
competent authority.  
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no 
exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent 
distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer 
and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. 
Furthermore, Notes which were initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only 
(under an exemption from the rules on public offerings) and are, in the following year “systematically” 
distributed on the secondary market in Italy to investors other than qualified investors, become subject to the 
public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Issuers 
Regulation unless any exemptions from the rules on public offerings applies. Failure to comply with such 
rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the purchasers of Notes who are acting 
outside of the course of their business or profession. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to agree, that it will comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, 
the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or

--- Page 91 ---
Page 88
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Other than in Luxembourg, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Dealers that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may, at any time, lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer shall agree amongst themselves.

--- Page 92 ---
Page 89
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, save for the text in italics and subject to completion 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed, shall be endorsed on such Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to 
the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes are constituted by the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 13 May 2022 (as amended and/or 
supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the Issue Date), the Trust Deed) between Repsol 
International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity as an issuer, the 
Guarantor, and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined 
below). References in these terms and conditions (the Conditions) to the Issuer in relation to the Notes shall 
be deemed to be references to the Issuer (being either Repsol International Finance B.V. or Repsol Europe 
Finance) as so specified in the relevant Final Terms. These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons referred to below. The Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 May 2021 has been entered into in relation to the Notes 
between Repsol International Finance B.V. in its capacity as an issuer, Repsol Europe Finance in its capacity 
as an issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent 
and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), and the Calculation Agent(s). Copies 
of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available (i) electronically upon request made to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or (ii) for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee 
(presently at Agency & Trust, 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Notes and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the Talons) (the Couponholders) 
and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the Receipts) relating to Notes of 
which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms.  
1 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in bearer form (Notes) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes). Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another denomination.

--- Page 93 ---
Page 90
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the 
relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
the authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination 
stated in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral 
multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof, the minimum authorised 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples of 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Notes are serially numbered in the Specified Currency and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached.  
Title to the Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. The holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Note and the Receipts relating to it, holder 
(in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons. Its obligations in that respect (the Guarantee) are contained in the Trust Deed.  
(b) 
Status: The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to 
Condition 3) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them and of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by the laws of 
bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to Condition 
3, at all times rank at least equally with all their respective other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations.  
3 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor undertakes that it will not create or have outstanding any

--- Page 94 ---
Page 91
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon the whole or 
any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), present or future, in 
order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or to secure any guarantee of or 
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness unless (a) all amounts payable by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor under the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are equally and rateably 
secured therewith by such Security Interest to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) such other Security 
Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided 
either (A) as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or (B) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions, Relevant Indebtedness means any obligation in respect of present or future 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, debentures, notes or other 
securities which are, or are intended to be (with the consent of the issuer thereof), quoted, listed, dealt 
in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market other than such indebtedness which 
by its terms will mature within a period of one year from its date of issue. 
4 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
If the Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
to the Notes (the SLNs), the Issuer or the Guarantor will cause: 
(a) 
the CII and the CII Percentage in respect of each financial year, as well as an assurance report 
issued by the Assurance Provider (the Assurance Report) in respect of and verifying such 
CII and CII Percentage, to be published on the Guarantor’s website no later than the date 
falling six months after the last day of the relevant financial year, beginning with (and 
including) the financial year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs falls 
and ending with (and including) the CII Reference Year or, in the event the relevant Final 
Terms specify more than one SPT, the last CII Reference Year; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Trigger Event Notice to be notified to the Paying 
Agent(s), the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders by no later than the relevant Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
None of the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent (if any) shall be obliged to monitor 
or inquire as to whether a Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
pursuant to this Condition 4 without further enquiry or liability. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Assurance Provider means such qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Guarantor from time to time; 
Baseline means a CII of 77.7 (being the CII for the financial year 2016); 
CII means the Group’s carbon intensity indicator measuring carbon dioxide equivalent emissions for 
every unit of energy that the Group makes available to society, measured in grams of carbon dioxide 
equivalent per megajoule (g CO2e/MJ) and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor and provided 
that for the purposes of calculating the CII for each CII Reference Year, and after consultation with

--- Page 95 ---
Page 92
the Assurance Provider, the Guarantor may exclude the impact of any material amendment to, or 
change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies relating to the business of 
the Group, which occurs between the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the SLNs and the last day of 
the relevant CII Reference Year;  
CII Condition means that the CII for the relevant CII Reference Year, as set out in the Assurance 
Report in respect of such CII Reference Year, does not exceed the CII Target for such CII Reference 
Year;  
CII Percentage in respect of a financial year means the reduction between the Baseline and the CII 
for such financial year, expressed as a percentage, and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor; 
CII Percentage Target means, in respect of the relevant CII Reference Year, the percentage specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
CII Reference Year means the financial year(s) of the Group specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the CII Reference Year(s); 
CII Target means the CII targeted by the Group for the relevant CII Reference Year and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the CII Target for such CII Reference Year and which results from 
applying a percentage decrease equal to the CII Percentage Target in respect of such CII Reference 
Year to the Baseline, save that in the event of an issue of Subsequent SLNs, the CII Target for the 
relevant CII Reference Year shall be deemed to mean the Subsequent SLNs CII Target in respect of 
such CII Reference Year; 
Group means the Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries from time to time; 
Redemption Premium Option has the meaning given in Condition 6(c);  
SPT means the sustainability performance target(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as SPT 1, 
SPT 2 or SPT 3; 
SPT 1 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as SPT 1; 
SPT 2 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as SPT 2; 
SPT 3 means the CII Target, CII Percentage Target and CII Reference Year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as SPT 3; 
Step Up Option has the meaning given in Condition 5(d); 
Subsequent SLNs means any Series of SLNs issued after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
SLNs (the Initial SLNs) and which specify the same CII Reference Year(s) as the Initial SLNs but a 
higher CII Percentage Target(s) in respect of such CII Reference Year(s) than the Initial SLNs (the 
Subsequent SLNs CII Percentage Target);  
Subsequent SLNs CII Target means, in respect of the relevant CII Reference Year, the CII Target 
specified as such under the Subsequent SLNs and resulting from applying a percentage decrease 
equal to the Subsequent SLNs CII Percentage Target for such CII Reference Year to the Baseline; 
a Trigger Event occurs in respect of an SPT if:

--- Page 96 ---
Page 93
(i) 
the Guarantor fails to satisfy the CII Condition in respect of the relevant CII Reference Year; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fail to publish the Assurance Report in respect of the CII and the 
CII Percentage for such CII Reference Year on or before the relevant Trigger Event 
Notification Deadline in accordance with Condition 4(a), 
provided that the Trigger Event shall be deemed to occur in the case of (i), on the date the Assurance 
Report in respect of such CII Reference Year is published on the Guarantor’s website in accordance 
with Condition 4(a), and in the case of (ii), on the first day immediately following the relevant Trigger 
Event Notification Deadline; 
Trigger Event Consequences means the Step Up Option or the Redemption Premium Option, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the SLNs; 
Trigger Event Notice means a notice by the Issuer or the Guarantor setting out (a) that a Trigger 
Event has occurred and (b) an explanation of the Trigger Event Consequences; and 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline means the date falling six months after the last day of the 
relevant CII Reference Year. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(f).  
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall

--- Page 97 ---
Page 94
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA 
Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
(x) 
if the Final Terms specify either the “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 
ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(3)  
relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(4)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(I) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, Lookback 
is the number of the Applicable Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 98 ---
Page 95
(II) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(III) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the Final 
Terms and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) are the days, if 
applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
(y) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date;  
(z) 
if the Final Terms specify the “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and  
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent

--- Page 99 ---
Page 96
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch (as Calculation Agent) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent 
the ISDA Definitions requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, 
the relevant Issuer, will provide written direction to Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully 
protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.  
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall 
request the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 100 ---
Page 97
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the 
Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer) by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs (at the request of the Issuer) the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period).  
(aa) 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being SONIA, the foregoing provisions of Condition 5(b)(B) will not 
apply and the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting

--- Page 101 ---
Page 98
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜× 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
−1቏× 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period 
means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up 
to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, 
in each case (on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day); and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period (and published on the following London 
Banking Day). 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been

--- Page 102 ---
Page 99
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference 
rate shall be: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day, the 
SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined 
on such date. 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
“ISDA Determination” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the relevant Interest

--- Page 103 ---
Page 100
Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Applicable Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(b)(i)).  
(d) 
Step Up Option: This Condition 5(d) applies to SLNs in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that the Step Up Option applies (the Step Up Option). 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in respect of a relevant SPT, if any, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to such SPT (the Step Up). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) in the event the relevant Final Terms specify more than one 
SPT, the Step Up shall apply in respect of each Trigger Event that has occurred during the 
term of the SLNs and (ii) the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Rate of Interest or Margin applicable 
prior to any such Step Up occurring, regardless of the level of the CII for any financial year 
subsequent to the relevant CII Reference Year. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Step Up Margin means in relation to an SPT the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Step Up Margin in respect of such SPT. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.  
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 104 ---
Page 101
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries (as appropriate) of such currency.  
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for 
such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day 
Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Change of Control Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the

--- Page 105 ---
Page 102
case of notification to such exchange or other relevant authority of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of 
the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5(h) but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
2006 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes 
of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org). 
2021 ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org). 
Business Day means:  
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or  
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a TARGET 
Business Day) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
Calculation Period):  
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual (ISDA), Act/Act or Act/Act (ISDA) is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of

--- Page 106 ---
Page 103
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Act/Act (ICMA) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a fraction equal to “number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such 
terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the 
International Capital Markets Association (the ICMA Rule Book), calculated in 
accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. dollar 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though 
the interest coupon on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period 
corresponding to the Calculation Period; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365F is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 107 ---
Page 104
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2

















360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 108 ---
Page 105
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time.  
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
Interest Amount means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other period, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro.  
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
ISDA Definitions has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions.  
Reference Banks means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Date means whichever is the later of:

--- Page 109 ---
Page 106
(i) 
the date on which payment first becomes due and 
(ii) 
if the full amount payable has not been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which the full amount having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders.  
Any reference in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under these Conditions or any undertaking 
given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System, which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto.  
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval 
of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.  
(k) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(k)(iii)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(k) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying

--- Page 110 ---
Page 107
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 5(k).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(k) prior to the date which is 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this 
Condition 5(k)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(k)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(k)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or methodology for 
determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment Spread shall then be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 111 ---
Page 108
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(k) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed/Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(k)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed/Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(k)(v), the Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur 
if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k), the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser 
in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(k) 
to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(k) will be notified 
at least 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer 
to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents. In accordance with 
Condition 16, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.

--- Page 112 ---
Page 109
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(k); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Trustee or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(k), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to 
its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(k): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be

--- Page 113 ---
Page 110
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, following consultation with the Issuer, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(k)(iv). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
(5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or

--- Page 114 ---
Page 111
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition 
of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, 
on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or 
will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, 
and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any 
component thereof), as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(d) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(e) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 115 ---
Page 112
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options  
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:  
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts 
shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless 
payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, 
such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such 
Instalment Amount.  
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d)(c) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted 
back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.  
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and

--- Page 116 ---
Page 113
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(c).  
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
(c) 
Redemption Premium Option: This Condition 6(c) applies to SLNs in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that the Redemption Premium Option applies (the 
Redemption Premium Option). In the event that a Trigger Event occurs in respect of a 
relevant SPT, then, upon redemption of such SLNs in accordance with these Conditions, each 
such SLN shall be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or final Instalment 
Amount, as applicable, plus, in each case, the Redemption Premium Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable to such SPT and any references to the Final Redemption 
Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or final Instalment Amount in these Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the relevant Final Terms specify more 
than one SPT, then the applicable Redemption Premium Amount shall be payable in respect 
of each Trigger Event that has occurred during the term of such SLNs. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes (other than Notes in respect of which the 
Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) or 6 (h) 
or in respect of which a Noteholder shall have exercised its option under Condition 6(i) in 
each case prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6(d)) may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the 
Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that it or (if the Guarantee were called) 
the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of (a) 
(in the case of Notes issued by Repsol International Finance B.V.) the Netherlands or (in the 
case of a payment to be made by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of Spain, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, or (b) (in the case of Notes issued by Repsol 
Europe Finance) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (in the case of a payment to be made 
by the Guarantor) the Kingdom of Spain, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of

--- Page 117 ---
Page 114
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then due. Prior to 
the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (or two authorised officers of 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures 
available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such place as the 
Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with 
any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date)), redeem all (but not only some) of the Notes at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten 
years, (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more 
than ten years, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (each such period, 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Period). 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the 
maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 115
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is 
specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally 
issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Notes issued subsequently) is 
purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case 
is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(k)); 
(h) 
Make-Whole Redemption: If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part, at any time or from time to time prior to (but no later than the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Redemption Date, if applicable) their Maturity Date (the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below). In the case of SLNs, the 
Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(h) during the period(s) 
commencing on (and including) the first day immediately following the relevant CII 
Reference Year and ending on (and including) the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Assurance 
Report in respect of such CII Reference Year is published on the Guarantor’s website in 
accordance with Condition 4(a), and (ii) the first day immediately following the relevant 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn up in such place as the 
Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with 
any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Make-Whole Redemption Amount means in respect of 
any Notes to be redeemed an amount, calculated by a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16, equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on such Notes until (A) if Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the first day of the relevant Maturity Call Option 
Redemption Period or (B) in all other cases, the Maturity Date (in each case not including

--- Page 119 ---
Page 116
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case of (x) and (y) 
above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon 
the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, within the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(j) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control: If a Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Change 
of Control (as defined below) occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a Rating 
Downgrade occurs (together, a Put Event), the holder of any such Note will have the option 
(the Change of Control Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person or 
persons acting in concert (Relevant Persons) or any person or persons acting on behalf of 
such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the Guarantor. 
control means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50% of the voting rights of the 
issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the 
majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other governing body, 
whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise.  
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the date on which the relevant 
Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days after the 
date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Change of Control Redemption Amount means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date.  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement 
by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control.

--- Page 120 ---
Page 117
Rating Agency means any of the following: (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); 
(b) Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s); (c) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch 
Ratings); or (d) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.  
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, 
within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Guarantor is 
lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-, in the case of 
S&P) (a downgrade) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite number of Rating Agencies 
(as defined above), and is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently upgraded 
(in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) to its earlier credit 
rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade or withdrawal by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the requisite number of Rating Agencies 
shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of the rating downgrade or 
withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or 
(ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer 
than three Rating Agencies have assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the Guarantor is 
still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating Agencies effecting 
the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies lowering or withdrawing their rating do not 
publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to the Issuer that such reduction or 
withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in, or 
arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
Investment Grade Rating means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from and 
including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect 
to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); and (4) with 
respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent to, or better than, the foregoing. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (Put Event Notice) to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 specifying the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option, as well as the date upon which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the 
Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of such Note under this section, the holder of such Note must transfer or cause to be 
transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Agent specified in 
the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period (Put Period) of 45 days 
after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any

--- Page 121 ---
Page 118
Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this section.  
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the relevant 
Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the Optional Redemption 
Date which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment in respect of any Note so 
transferred will be made in the relevant Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant 
Specified Currency denominated bank account in the Put Option Notice on the Optional 
Redemption Date via the relevant account holders. 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). The 
Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other 
Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall 
not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the 
Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 12(a) and 13. 
In these Conditions, Subsidiary means any entity of which the Guarantor has control and 
“control” for the purpose of this definition means the beneficial ownership whether direct or 
indirect of the majority of the issued share capital or the right to direct the management and 
policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of share capital, contract or otherwise. A 
certificate executed by any two authorised officers of the Guarantor listing the entities that 
are Subsidiaries at any time shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased (other than, at the discretion of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, as applicable, those purchased pursuant to Condition 
6(k) above) and any unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons attached 
to or surrendered with them will be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest: Payments of principal and interest shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt 
is presented for payment together with its relative Note) (or in the case of partial payment, 
endorsement thereof), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(iv)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in 
the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks 
have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 122 ---
Page 119
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States and its 
possessions with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.  
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations (including all laws and regulations to which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their Agents agree to be subject) but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Luxembourg) so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iv) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each 
case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New 
York City in respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (b) above.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.  
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons:  
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, they 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional

--- Page 123 ---
Page 120
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising Floating Rate Notes, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them.  
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.  
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them.  
(v) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.  
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note.  
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Paying Agents in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10).  
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is 
not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business 
day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 124 ---
Page 121
8 
Taxation 
Where the Issuer is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the Issuer 
is Repsol International Finance B.V. 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
(collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
the Netherlands, or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
(each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders 
and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes or (as the case may 
be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Note, Receipt or 
Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
complying with the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the 
beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note 
or Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes 
in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax 
information with Spain and not considered a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) 
resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to 
avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain 
on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to comply

--- Page 125 ---
Page 122
with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant tax 
authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain, or the Netherlands; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed in 
respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be included 
in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of 
that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
Where the Issuer is Repsol Europe Finance 
The provisions of the following paragraphs of this Condition 8 shall only apply where the Issuer 
is Repsol Europe Finance 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
(collectively, Taxes) of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, (each a Taxing Authority) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders 
and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of Taxes shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes or (as the case may 
be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction of Taxes; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of a Note, Receipt or 
Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Guarantee: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his

--- Page 126 ---
Page 123
having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Kingdom of Spain 
other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder or the beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day;  
(c) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar Taxes; 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
complying with the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s request addressed to the holder or the 
beneficial owner to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax 
authorities of the country of tax residence of the holder or the beneficial owner of any Note 
or Coupon confirming that the holder or the beneficial owner is (i) resident for tax purposes 
in a Member State of the European Union (other than Spain), or in a member state of the 
European Economic Area (other than Spain) with which there is an effective exchange of tax 
information with Spain and not considered a tax haven pursuant to Spanish law; or (ii) 
resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to 
avoid double taxation, which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain 
on interest and within the meaning of the referred tax treaty; 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or to the beneficial owner of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon who could fully or partially avoid such withholding or deduction of Taxes by 
providing to the Issuer or the Guarantor or an Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor the information concerning such Noteholder as may be required in order to comply 
with the procedures for the application of any exemption for Taxes by the relevant tax 
authority; 
(f) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
(g) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the amended 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (so-called Relibi Law); 
(h) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations 
thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code (collectively, FATCA); or 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union.  
In addition, Additional Amounts will not be payable with respect to (i) any Taxes that are imposed in 
respect of any combination of the items set forth above and to (ii) any holder who is a fiduciary, a 
partnership, a limited liability company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to 
the extent that payment would be required by the laws of the relevant Taxing Authority to be included 
in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of

--- Page 127 ---
Page 124
that partnership, an interest holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to the Additional Amounts had it been the holder. 
9 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) shall, subject to its being indemnified to its satisfaction, give notice to the 
Issuer that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest:  
(a) 
Non-Payment: The Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes or fails 
to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes, in each case on the due date for payment 
thereof and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal and 14 days 
in the case of interest; or  
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: The Issuer or the Guarantor does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion 
of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor by the Trustee; or  
(c) 
Cross-Default: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default 
or the like (howsoever described); or  
(ii) 
any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor is not paid when due or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Relevant Indebtedness 
of any other person, 
provided that the aggregate of all such amounts which have become due and payable, as 
described in (c)(i) above, and/or have not been paid when due, as described in (c)(ii) and/or 
(c)(iii) above (as the case may be), equals or exceeds the greater of an amount equal to 
0.25% of Total Shareholders’ Equity and U.S.$50,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by the Trustee); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: A distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against the whole or any substantial part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or the Guarantor and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or  
(e) 
Security Enforced: Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes enforceable against the 
whole or any substantial part of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or

--- Page 128 ---
Page 125
(f) 
Insolvency: The Issuer or the Guarantor is insolvent or bankrupt, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of all of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any 
of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or 
substantially all of the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor; or  
(g) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation 
on terms approved by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or  
(h) 
Illegality: It is unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or  
(i) 
Analogous Events: Any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or  
(j) 
Guarantee: The Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect, provided that in the case of an event falling within paragraphs (b) to (e) or (h) to (j) 
the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
Total Shareholders’ Equity means the total shareholders’ equity of the Guarantor, as shown in the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor.  
10 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made 
as required by Condition 7 within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.  
11 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons  
If any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Guarantor may 
require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.  
12 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including meetings held by 
conference call or on a videoconference platform) to consider matters affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by

--- Page 129 ---
Page 126
Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one person being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
modify the maturity of the Notes, or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of the 
Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or interest on, the Notes, (iii) to change 
the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons, (iv) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution, or (v) to modify or cancel the Guarantee, in which case the 
necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing not less than 75%, or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on 
all Couponholders. The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one of more 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which in 
the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.  
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to 
such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain 
other entities in place of the Issuer or Guarantor, or of any previous substituted company, as 
principal debtor or Guarantor under the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons), provided that such substitution would not in the opinion of the Trustee be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and subject to such further conditions 
as set out in the Trust Deed. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the 
Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.  
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but 
not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests

--- Page 130 ---
Page 127
of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the 
Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.  
13 
Enforcement  
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not take 
any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so 
requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Noteholder, holder of 
Receipts or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing.  
14 
Indemnification of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and any other Subsidiary and any entity related to the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary 
without accounting for any profit.  
15 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall 
be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in these 
Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition 15 and forming a single series with the Notes. Any further securities 
forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted 
by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent 
of the Trustee), be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains 
provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other 
series where the Trustee so decides.  
16 
Notices  
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and (so long as the Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require), published 
either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if in 
the opinion of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an English language newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of

--- Page 131 ---
Page 128
such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made.  
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition.  
17 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Notes confer no rights on any person pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect right or remedy of the third party which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.  
18 
Governing Law  
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended from time to time, shall not apply. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or 
the Guarantee and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee (Proceedings) 
may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed 
irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.  
(c) 
Agent for Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has irrevocably appointed 
an agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on any 
of the Trust Deed, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee.

--- Page 132 ---
Page 129
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any and all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes that are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Clearing Systems) will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an 
NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both Clearing Systems. The records of such Clearing Systems shall be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note and, for these purposes, 
a statement issued by a Clearing System stating the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant Clearing System at the relevant 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.  
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the relevant 
Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against 
the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes or so long as the Notes are represented by such 
Global Note and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:  
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
of the Programme—Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes (as 
defined and described below); and

--- Page 133 ---
Page 130
(ii) otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with options (i) and (ii) above, such Notes shall be tradable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination. 
Permanent Global Notes  
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part, for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System) and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, 
in each case by the holder giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes  
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for 
Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such 
Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. 
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) in the case 
of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure 
the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or (iii) if the Global Note is an NGN, procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System.  
In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for 
which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts 
in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full 
of each Permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled 
and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
Page 131
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or, in the 
case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due, 30 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.  
Amendment to Conditions  
The Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is an overview of some of those provisions:  
Payments  
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on 
any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be 
made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be 
made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that details of such payment be entered pro rata on the records of the relevant Clearing System 
and, in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payment under 
the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the relevant Issuer’s obligations 
in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant Clearing System shall not 
affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place 
of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “Business Day” set out in Condition 7(g) (“Non-
Business Days”). 
Prescription  
Claims in respect of principal and interest will become void unless presentation for payment is made, as 
required by Condition 7, within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date as defined in Condition 8.  
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one Note) 
be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, 
at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of 
each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes.  
Cancellation  
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 135 ---
Page 132
Purchase  
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise at any price (provided that they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating to them). Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Notes so 
purchased, while held by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary, shall not 
entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for 
the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of Noteholders or for the purposes of Conditions 9, 12(a) 
and 13.  
Issuer’s Option  
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the relevant Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures 
of such clearing system (to be reflected in the records of such clearing system as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).  
Noteholders’ Options  
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set 
out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where 
the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the relevant Clearing System and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those 
records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN Nominal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation 
or exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records of 
the relevant clearing systems and, upon such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Trustee’s Powers  
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Trust Deed, in considering the interests of Noteholders while any 
Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided 
to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note and may consider such interests, and treat such 
accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note.  
Notices  
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that

--- Page 136 ---
Page 133
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that so long 
as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange 
so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).  
Specified Denominations 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable as follows: (a) if the Specified Denomination stated 
in the relevant Final Terms is €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), in the authorised denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) in excess thereof, in the minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
notwithstanding that no definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency).

--- Page 137 ---
Page 134
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 138 ---
Page 135
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the 
SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE/REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V.] 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09/5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title and Type of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Repsol, S.A. 
under the Euro 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 13 May 2022 [and the Supplement dated [●] to the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 
2022 which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-inversores/informacion-
financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-continua.aspx and is available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 26 September 2016 
/ 4 April 2019 / 3 April 2020 / 7 May 2021] which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 May 2022 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the 
Supplement dated [•] to the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2022 which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the base prospectus dated [25 October 2012 / 30 May 2014 / 22 September 2015 / 26 
 
1 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 139 ---
Page 136
September 2016 / 4 April 2019 / 3 April 2020 / 7 May 2021]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 May 2022 [and the Supplement dated [•] to the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2022]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] [has/have] been published on 
http://www.repsol.com/es_en/corporacion/accionistas-inversores/informacion-
financiera/financiacion/repsol-international-finance/programa-emision-continua.aspx and [is/are] available 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable should be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
(a)         Series Number:
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche Number:
[●] 
(c) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series 
and be interchangeable with the [insert issue amount / 
insert interest rate] Notes due [insert maturity date] on 
[insert date]/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 21 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]]/[N/A]
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●] 
(a) 
Series:
[●] 
(b) 
Tranche:
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]
5. 
(a)          Specified Denomination: 
€[●] and integral multiples of €[●] in excess thereof up 
to and including €[●]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above €[●]
(b)           Calculation Amount
[●] 
6. 
(a)           Issue Date:
[●] 
(b)           Interest Commencement Date
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date:
[●]  
8. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 140 ---
Page 137
(a) 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraph 17 below)
(b) 
Redemption Premium Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraphs 24, 25, 26 and 31 below)
(c) 
(i)  SPT 1: 
     CII Target:
 
[●] 
     CII Percentage Target: 
[●]% 
     CII Reference Year:
[●] 
(ii)  SPT 2: 
    CII Target:
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
     CII Percentage Target: 
[●]%/[Not Applicable] 
     CII Reference Year:
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii)  SPT 3: 
       CII Target:
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
     CII Percentage Target: 
[●]%/[Not Applicable] 
     CII Reference Year:
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis:
[[●] % Fixed Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] +/– [●]% Floating 
Rate]
 
[Zero Coupon]
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●][Insert percentage which shall not be less 
than 100]/[100]% of their nominal amount
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14] applies]/[Not Applicable]
12. 
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 141 ---
Page 138
[Change of Control Put Option/Put Event] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Make-Whole Redemption]
(See paragraph [18/19/20/21/22/23] below)
13. 
Date approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum [payable [annually / semi annually / 
quarterly / monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] [and [●]] in each year  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[N/A] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(f) 
[Determination Dates:
[[●] in each year]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (e) below] / [not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (e) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 142 ---
Page 139
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(c) 
Interest Period Date 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (e) below] / [not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (e) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]
(d) 
First Interest Payment Date:
[●] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
/[N/A]
(f) 
Business Centre(s):
[●] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent):
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination:
 
- 
Reference Rate:
[●] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[●] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page:
[●] 
(j) 
ISDA Determination:
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
- 
Floating Rate Option:
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity:
[●] 
- 
Reset Date: 
- 
Compounding: 
[●] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
- 
[Compounding 
Method:
[Compounding with Lookback

--- Page 143 ---
Page 140
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]]
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]
- 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
- 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]]
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable — the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first / last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation]]
(l) 
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] % per annum  
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] % per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] % per annum 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a) 
[Amortisation/ Accrual] Yield:
[●]% per annum 
(b) 
[Reference Price:
[●]]

--- Page 144 ---
Page 141
(c) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]]
17. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph)
Step Up Margin: 
In respect of SPT 1: [●] % per annum  
[In respect of SPT 2: [●] % per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[In respect of SPT 3: [●] % per annum]/[Not 
Applicable]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Notice period:
[●] days 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●] 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 145 ---
Page 142
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●] days after expiration of Put Period  
(b) 
Put Period
[●] 
(c) 
Put Date
[●] 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Residual Maturity Call Option Period
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[As per Condition 6(f)]/[•] 
22. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Make-Whole Redemption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [●] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the [●] 
due [●] (ISIN: [●])]/[●]
(b) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin:
[●]% 
24. 
Redemption Premium Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
 
In respect of SPT 1: €[●] per Calculation Amount  
[In respect of SPT 2: €[●] per Calculation 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of SPT 3: €[●] per Calculation 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)]
26. 
Early Redemption Amount
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect 
of each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)]

--- Page 146 ---
Page 143
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
28. 
New Global Note:
[Yes]/[No] 
29. 
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes]/[No] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount (in the case where the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Option is applicable) [plus 
in respect of the final Instalment Amount only, the 
relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) in respect of 
each Trigger Event occurring (see Condition 5)]
(b) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[N/A]. 
Signed on behalf of [Repsol Europe Finance/Repsol International Finance B.V.]: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 147 ---
Page 144
Signed on behalf of Repsol, S.A.: 
By: 
 ...................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 148 ---
Page 145
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[specify other relevant 
market] with effect from [●] 
 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[[The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated] /[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]:  
[[●]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) (Insert one (or more) of 
the following options, as applicable) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 (the CRA Regulation), although notification 
of the registration decision has not yet been provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation).

--- Page 149 ---
Page 146
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●] 
(insert legal name of credit rating agency), which is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) 
No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). A list of 
registered credit rating agencies is published at the 
European Securities and Market Authority’s website: 
www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) 
is not established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA Regulation). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating) is not established in the EU and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they 
may receive fees.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 150 ---
Page 147
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
relevant addresses and the 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●]/[N/A]

--- Page 151 ---
Page 148
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(b)  
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any) 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(c)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 / TEFRA C / TEFRA 
D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
Page 149
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Kingdom of Spain, respectively, in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the guarantee relating to the Programme. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder and the Board of 
Managing Directors of RIF, both passed on 12 May 2022 and by REF’s board of managers on 12 
May 2022. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Guarantor passed on 27 April 2022.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Guarantor and the Group—Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” on pages 67 to 72 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers 
or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
To the best of the knowledge of REF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects since 
31 December 2021 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has there 
been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of REF since 31 
December 2021. 
4. 
To the best of the knowledge of RIF, there has been no material adverse change in its prospects since 
31 December 2021 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) nor has there 
been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of RIF since 31 
December 2021. 
5. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, there has been no material adverse change in its 
prospects since 31 December 2021 (being the date of the last published audited financial statements) 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 March 2022. 
Legend Concerning U.S. Persons 
6. 
Each Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon having maturity of more than 365 days will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of 
the Internal Revenue Code”. 
ISIN and Common Code 
7. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. 
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), the Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI 
Code) and/or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 153 ---
Page 150
8. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Documents on Display 
9. 
For so long as the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are outstanding, or for ten years 
following the approval of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor at 
https://www.repsol.com/en/shareholders-and-investors/fixed-income-and-credit-
ratings/rif/index.cshtml:  
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the guarantee relating to the Programme, the form of the Global 
Notes, the definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association (Statuten) of RIF and the restated articles of association (statuts 
coordonnés) of REF; 
(iii) 
the by-laws (Estatutos sociales) of the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
the audited standalone financial statements of RIF, including the notes to such financial 
statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the audited consolidated financial statements of 
RIF, including the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon, for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU) and the audited 
standalone financial statements of REF including the notes to such financial statements and the 
audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (prepared in accordance 
with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation 
of the financial statements) and the audited standalone financial statements of REF, including 
the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon, for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements 
relating to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements);  
(v) 
the Annual Report 2021 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, which were prepared in accordance 
with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and the audit report thereon 
and the Annual Report 2020 of Repsol, including the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of Repsol for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which were prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the notes to such financial statements and the audit 
report thereon; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or any other stock exchange;  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any Supplement to the Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and  
(ix) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuers’ request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, can be requested from 
the relevant Issuer where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 154 ---
Page 151
Independent auditors 
10. The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as of and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, 
S.L. (members of the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), independent auditors of the Group. 
The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is Torre PwC, Paseo de la Castellana 259B, 
28046 Madrid, Spain.  
11. The standalone financial statements of RIF as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., independent auditors of 
RIF. The auditor signing the independent auditors’ report is a member of the Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The address of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is Fascinatio Boulevard 350, 3065 WB Rotterdam, P.O. 
Box 8800, 3009 AV Rotterdam, The Netherlands.  
12. The standalone annual accounts of REF as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, independent auditors of REF. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is a member of the Luxembourg Institut Des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises. The address of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, 
L-2182 Luxembourg.  
Yield 
13. In relation to any tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Legal Advisers 
14. Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional has acted as legal adviser to the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law and 
Spanish law; Linklaters LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
and Dutch tax law and Linklaters, S.L.P. has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers and the Trustee as to 
Spanish law; Van Doorne N.V. has acted as legal adviser to RIF as to Dutch law (other than Dutch tax 
law) and Arendt & Medernach SA has acted as legal adviser to REF as to Luxembourg law; in each 
case in relation to the update of the Programme. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
15. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of RIF is 5493002YCY6HTK0OUR29. 
16. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of REF is 222100TAWUOMRM7NNG09. 
17. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is BSYCX13Y0NOTV14V9N85. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
18. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, financing, investment 
banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Repsol and/or its 
affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. In addition, in the ordinary course of its business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the

--- Page 155 ---
Page 152
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of Repsol and/or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with Repsol and/or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to Repsol and/or its 
affiliates, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in Repsol’s securities and/or 
in its affiliates’ securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the term “affiliates” includes parent companies.

--- Page 156 ---
Page 153
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL EUROPE 
FINANCE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCE B.V. 
14-16, Avenue Pasteur 
L-2310 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)
Koninginnegracht 19  
2514 AB The Hague (the Netherlands)
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Calle Méndez Álvaro 44 
28045 Madrid (Spain) 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom)
 
LISTING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom) 
AUDITORS OF REPSOL EUROPE FINANCE  
AUDITORS OF REPSOL INTERNATIONAL FINANCE 
B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative 
2 rue Gerhard Mercator,  
L-2182 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.  
Fascinatio Boulevard 350  
3065 WB Rotterdam  
P.O. Box 8800  
3009 AV Rotterdam (the Netherlands) 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
 Paseo de la Castellana 259B 
28046 Madrid (Spain)
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris (France)
 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A  
Ciudad BBVA 
C/Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 2nd floor 
28050 Madrid (Spain)
Banco Santander, S.A. 
C/ Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Edificio la Magdalena Planta 1 
28027 Madrid (Spain) 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 (Ireland)
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris (France) 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris (France)
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia (Spain)

--- Page 157 ---
Page 154
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB (United Kingdom)
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex (France)
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid (Spain)  
 
 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ (United Kingdom) 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt/Main (Germany) 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main (Germany)
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris (France) 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan (Italy)
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan (Italy)
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main (Germany)
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Zuidplein 98  
World Trade Center Tower H Level 11 
1077 XV Amsterdam (the Netherlands)
 
 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendes-France 
70513 Paris Cedex 02 (France) 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex (France)
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main (Germany) 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS (United Kingdom)
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich (Germany) 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English and Spanish 
law: 
To Repsol International Finance B.V. as to Dutch law (other 
than Dutch tax law): 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid (Spain)
Van Doorne N.V. 
Jachthavenweg 121  
1081 KM Amsterdam (the Netherlands) 
 
 
To Repsol Europe Finance as to the laws of Luxembourg 
Arendt & Medernach SA 
41A, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2082 Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)

--- Page 158 ---
Page 155
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Spanish law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ (United Kingdom)
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid (Spain)
 
To the Dealers as to Dutch tax law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180  
WTC Amsterdam, Tower H, 22nd Floor 
1077 XV Amsterdam (the Netherlands)