--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
RIKSHEM AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Rikshem AB (publ) (the "Issuer") 
may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
This Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of 
Ireland"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the ("EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank 
of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. This Base Prospectus comprises a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. VPS Notes (as defined below) may be listed 
on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market and, in this case, "listed" (and all related references) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, as applicable) is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of 
approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or uncertificated book entry form 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities 
Oslo) ("VPS Norway") ("VPS Notes").  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Issuer has a corporate rating of A3 from Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's") and Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be rated by Moody's. Moody's is established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, Moody's is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is not 
established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). Accordingly the Programme rating issued by Moody's has been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Ltd is established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
SEB 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
CITIGROUP 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HANDELSBANKEN MARKETS 
NORDEA 
BNP PARIBAS 
DANSKE BANK 
DNB BANK ASA, SWEDEN BRANCH 
NATWEST MARKETS 
NYKREDIT BANK A/S 
SWEDBANK 
 
 
25 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Third party information 
The Issuer confirms that all third party information contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third 
party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Alternative performance measures 
A number of the financial measures presented by the Issuer under "Description of the Issuer" below are not defined 
in accordance with the IFRS accounting standards. However, the Issuer believes that these measures provide 
useful supplementary information to both investors and the Issuer's management, as they facilitate the evaluation 
of company performance. It is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the 
same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these 
financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS. The relevant 
alternative performance measures as well as the definitions and their reconciliation are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  See "Information Incorporated by Reference", below. 
Forward Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. These 
forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including the terms 
'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each case, their negative or 
other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events 
or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a 
number of places throughout this document and include, but are not limited to, the following: statements regarding 
the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuer concerning, amongst other things, the results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of the Issuer and the industry in which the 
Issuer operates. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the 
Issuer's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which the Issuer 
operates may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward looking statements contained 
in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the 
development of the industry in which the Issuer operates, are consistent with the forward looking statements 
contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in 
subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". Many 
of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuer. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, 
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this 
document as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, 
the Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward looking statements set out 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to 
make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for any act or 
omission of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes under the 
Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes 
None of the Dealers accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes (each as defined herein). None of the Issuer, the 
Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "social", "green", "sustainable" or similar labels (including 
in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may 
evolve from time to time. None of the Dealers are responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact, verification or monitoring of such use of proceeds, nor do any of the 
Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient projects and activities that promote climate-
friendly and/or other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (“Green Projects”) to allow 
for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of any such issue in full. In February 2022, the Issuer published 
its updated Green Bonds Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the “Green Bonds 
Framework”) which can be found at https://www.rikshem.se/in-english/financial-information/green-financing/ 
in compliance with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (2021 edition). 
The Centre for International Climate Research (“CICERO”) has issued an independent opinion, dated 16

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
February 2022 (the “Green Bonds Second Party Opinion”) on the Issuer’s Green Bonds Framework. In February 
2024, the Issuer published its Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time, the “Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework”) which can be found at 
https://www.rikshem.se/company-facts-in-english/financial-information/green-financing/ in compliance with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles established by the ICMA. Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion, 
dated 6 February 2024 (the “SLB Second Party Opinion” and together with the Green Bonds Second Party 
Opinion, the “Second Party Opinions”) on the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework. The Second 
Party Opinions are not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Each 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Green 
Bonds Framework, the Green Bonds Second Party Opinion, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, the SLB 
Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor with any Green Projects.  
Each of the Second Party Opinions or any other such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date 
that opinion, report or certification was initially issued and the considerations or criteria which are the basis of 
such an opinion, report or certification. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to 
the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinions or any opinion, report or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes, as 
applicable. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in Green Bonds or Sustainability-
Linked Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, 
report or certification for the contents of such opinion, report or certification. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
Each of the Green Bonds Second Party Opinion, the SLB Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report 
or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or Dealers, or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that 
formed the basis of the Second Party Opinions or any such other opinion, report or certification may change at 
any time and the Second Party Opinions may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework and Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Green Bonds Framework, the Green Bonds Second Party Opinion, the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, the SLB Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion, report or 
certification forms part of, or is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and may include Bearer Notes (as defined herein) that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from such registration. In addition, subject to certain 
exceptions, Bearer Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")). 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II product

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under EU MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any assurances as to whether any Notes will meet any investor criteria 
and expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance for any investors. In addition 
the Dealers make no assurance as to whether the use of the net proceeds specified by the Issuer in connection with 
any offering of Notes will be used for such purposes. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into EUR at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement, as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are to a Member State of the 
European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$ ", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, 
references to the "UK" are to the United Kingdom, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "SEK", 
"kr" or "Swedish kronor" are to Swedish Kronor. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.   
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates.  
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................ 3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 15 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 72 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 88 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 94 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................ 97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................ 98 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 125

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview unless otherwise defined herein. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Rikshem AB (publ) 
Arranger: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch, NatWest Markets N.V., Nordea 
Bank Abp, Nykredit Bank A/S, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
VPS Agent: 
Handelsbanken NUF 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on its regulated market. The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
 
Application may be made to list VPS Notes and admit the VPS Notes 
to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange. Any 
such applications will be in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations governing the listing of VPS Notes on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange from time to time. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the relevant Notes are 
to be VPS Notes or not and whether such Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) ("VPS Norway") and/or, in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" 
or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the 
TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, 
if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will 
either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or 
(b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Notes may be specified in the applicable Final Term as VPS Notes. 
VPS Notes will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a VPS Agency 
Agreement with Handelsbanken NUF as VPS Agent (in Norwegian: 
kontofører utsteder) and will be registered in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form with VPS Norway. VPS Notes will not 
be evidenced by any physical note or document of title. Entitlements 
to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS Notes to 
accounts with VPS Norway. VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Notes in bearer or registered form and vice versa. See also "Forms of 
the Notes" below. 
 
Security Identification Number(s): In respect of each Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant security identification number(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of: 
(i) the Issuer (either in whole or in part); (ii) the Noteholders; or (iii) 
the Noteholders upon a Change of Control, in each case to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons, as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons), or if the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes of 
the relevant Series is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of such Series, as described in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of 
Control). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, then such rate of interest may be substituted 
(subject to certain conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive or 
negative or zero)) as described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. The terms and conditions also provide for 
additional fallbacks in the event that one or more benchmark rates used 
to determine the interest payable on the Notes is discontinued. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Step 
Up 
Notes:  
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer may be 
subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms indicates that 
the Step Up Option is applicable. If a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event has occurred, then for any Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Reporting 
End Date relating to the Reference Year, the Initial Rate of Interest or 
the Initial Margin (as the case may be) shall be increased by the Step-
Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The increase in the 
Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin will be triggered by the 
occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, linked to the 
failure of the Group to achieve certain SPTs in relation to one or more 
separate key performance indicators ("KPIs") as further detailed in the 
Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, or the failure of the 
Issuer to report on such KPIs in the required time periods. The extent 
of the increase in the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin, as the 
case may be, will be dependent on the specific KPIs in relation to 
which the Group fails to meet the applicable SPT and/or the reporting 
requirements applicable thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, an 
increase in the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin may occur no 
more than once in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Note.  
Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium Notes:  
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium is applicable to any Series of Notes, the Issuer 
may be required, in respect of each such Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Note, to pay an amount equal to the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium on the date that such 
Notes are redeemed, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The requirement to make payment of the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Redemption Premium on the date that such Notes are 
redeemed will be triggered by the occurrence of a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event, linked to the failure of the Group to achieve 
certain SPTs in relation to one or more separate KPIs as further 
detailed in Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, or the 
failure of the Issuer to report on such KPIs in the required time periods. 
The size of any Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium payable 
by the Issuer will be dependent on the specific KPIs in relation to 
which the Group fails to meet the applicable SPT and/or the reporting 
requirements applicable thereto. 
Denominations: 
Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which is a regulated market situated or 
operating in a Member State and/or offered to the public in any 
Member State, in each case in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, may 
not have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued 
in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5(a) (Covenants – Negative Pledge).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default as described in 
Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of withholding taxes 
of the Kingdom of Sweden, unless the withholding is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes), Condition 11 (Payments – Registered 
Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes) and Condition 13 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
 The Notes will be governed by English law except that the registration 
of VPS Notes in VPS Norway as well as the recording and transfer of 
ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes and Condition 18(c) 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver  VPS Notes) will 
be governed by Norwegian law. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the "CSD Act") (in 
Norwegian: verdipapirsentralloven) which implements Regulation 
(EU) no. 909/2014 ("CSDR") into Norwegian law, any regulations 
passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of VPS 
Norway, each as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders 
of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any 
related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions:  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the EEA (including Belgium, the Kingdom of 
Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden), the United Kingdom and Japan, 
see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer 
and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Industry and business-related risks 
Risks related to macroeconomic factors  
The property industry including the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together referred to as "Rikshem") is affected to 
a large extent by macroeconomic factors such as general economic trends, growth, employment, the rate of 
production of new housing and commercial premises, changes in infrastructure, population growth, inflation and 
interest rate levels. Global macroeconomic conditions may be adversely affected, for example, by political 
tensions, acts of war and/or expansion of sanctions, in particular as a result of the conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine. The outbreak of the military conflict in Israel and Gaza, the related hostile actions in the Red Sea and 
the subsequent escalation of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, may contribute to further instability in the 
global economy. The prolongation of geopolitical tensions, conflicts, sanctions and political uncertainty could 
negatively impact economic growth, business operations and real estate markets. In adverse macroeconomic 
conditions the property industry's access to debt and equity capital may be impeded which may result in lower 
property values. This may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem's revenues consist of rent payments for leased lettable area. In adverse macroeconomic conditions the 
occupancy rate may decline, and in such circumstances Rikshem's revenues will decline. Furthermore, adverse 
macroeconomic conditions could lead to a fall in market rents and negatively impact the ability of tenants to pay 
rent, which could reduce Rikshem's revenues.  
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing inflationary pressures. This has been 
exacerbated by the wide-ranging sanctions imposed on Russia as a response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, which 
has further increased energy, commodity and fuel prices. Such inflationary pressures are expected to decline 
during 2024. Interest expenses represent Rikshem's single largest cost item and a significant increase in interest 
rates would increase the cost of funding for Rikshem. Any changes to interest rates and inflation may also 
adversely affect the market’s yield requirements and the market value of Rikshem's properties. If any of these 
risks should increase, it may have a materially adverse effect on Rikshem's operations, earnings and financial 
position.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Variations in supply and demand of apartments and lettable area could have a material adverse impact on 
Rikshem's business 
Rikshem's income is dependent on the demand for renting apartments and other lettable area in Rikshem's property 
portfolio. If the supply of apartments and properties with lettable areas similar to those in Rikshem's properties 
increases or the demand for Rikshem's lettable area decreases this may have a material adverse impact on 
Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem is exposed to risks regarding development projects  
As part of its business, Rikshem carries out and/or acquires development projects. Such projects include the 
upgrade of its properties through extensive development and refurbishment programmes of ageing buildings as 
well as the construction of new buildings. The ability to successfully complete these development projects in an 
economically efficient manner depends on a number of factors, including the ability of Rikshem to retain and 
recruit personnel with necessary competence within the construction, project management, design, architecture 
and sales fields, to obtain necessary permits and decisions from local and/or regional authorities and to hire 
building contractors that will implement projects on terms that are acceptable to Rikshem.  
When considering development project acquisitions/investments and development risks, Rikshem needs to make 
an estimate of the economic and market conditions that will prevail in the market where the project is located at 
the time the project is completed and becomes operational, and there is uncertainty at the beginning of a 
development project about the economic and market conditions at the time of completion of the project. Such 
estimates are difficult to make since it takes a considerable time before development projects are completed and 
become operational. During this time, economic conditions may change unfavourably and lower Rikshem's 
expected return on the investment.  
There are also technical risks associated with development projects. These include risks of constructional defects, 
other concealed defects or deficiencies, damages and contaminations. If technical problems do occur, it could 
result in delays in scheduled property development projects, or increased costs for upgrade and management of 
Rikshem's properties. Technical problems could also arise from the actions or omissions of third parties and may 
not be known to Rikshem. Although Rikshem may have rights against the building contractor and/or professional 
team in connection with such defects and/or recourse to insurance in place for the project in question, there can 
be no assurance that Rikshem will be able to enforce its rights and fully recover the costs incurred by, or arising 
from any claim against, Rikshem.  
Furthermore, Rikshem may not be able to obtain the necessary decisions or permits from local and/or regional 
authorities that are required to implement a change in the use of acquired properties. Changes in permits, plans, 
planning laws or regulations may also result in delays in construction works or other unforeseen delays, increases 
in the cost of construction and construction materials, cost overruns or the failure to complete Rikshem's real 
estate development projects.  
If one or several of the above factors would develop negatively or if any of the above described risks would 
materialise, it could have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Re-letting risk 
There is a risk that Rikshem's tenants may not renew or extend their leases as they expire. In such circumstances 
it may not be possible to find new tenants, or it may be the case that new tenants cannot, or are unwilling to, pay 
the same rents as the previous tenants. This may result in a higher vacancy rate, lower property values and lower 
rental income for Rikshem which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Rikshem's operations, earnings 
and financial position.  
Increasing operating and maintenance costs may affect Rikshem's financial position  
Rikshem's costs to manage the property portfolio (operating and maintenance costs) are dependent on the overall 
costs for utilities and services in Sweden. Rikshem's operating expenses partly comprise tariff-based costs such 
as costs for heating, electricity, water and waste. There are a limited number of suppliers in respect of some of 
these utilities and services, which means that it may not be possible for Rikshem to switch to a cheaper provider 
in the event of price increases which could result in increased costs to Rikshem. There may be a material adverse

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings to the extent that it is not possible to increase 
rents to cover any increased costs incurred by Rikshem.  
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Rikshem's properties in the long-term or modernising properties 
require maintenance and renovation expenditures. Such expenditures as are necessary to satisfy market, public 
authority or other legal requirements may be significant and unforeseen. There is a risk that, in respect of large-
scale operating expenses, maintenance or renovation work, it may not be possible to (i) pass on the associated 
costs to Rikshem's tenants through increased rents or (ii) receive compensation through insurance indemnification. 
This may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Defects in Rikshem's properties may result in unforeseen costs  
There are risks associated with the technical operation of properties, such as the risk of structural defects, other 
latent defects or deficiencies, damage (for example, through snow, fire or other forces of nature) and 
contamination, which could result in unforeseen costs arising. In the event that such technical problems arise and 
the costs cannot be fully or partially covered by insurance, this may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's 
operations, financial position and earnings.  
Cyber-security 
Rikshem is dependent on appropriate and secure holding and management of information, accessible by 
authorised personnel and blocked for unauthorised access. The loss or misuse of sensitive data could create 
adverse effects for tenants and result in material loss of business, substantial legal liability, regulatory enforcement 
actions and/or significant harm to Rikshem's reputation. For example, non-compliance with the EU General Data 
Protection Regulation ("GDPR") can result in severe consequences, including fines, as well as potential 
reputational damage. Additionally, if an external party were to plant malicious ransomware with the aim of 
blackmailing Rikshem this could entail significant costs in the long run. To the extent that Rikshem experiences 
a cyber-security breach, it may be rendered incapable of effectively running and managing its operations. Business 
disruptions and shortcomings in operational security including serious failures and disruptions in Rikshem's 
information technology ("IT") systems or control systems may also impact its customer relationships, reputation, 
risk management and profitability, which may in turn have a materially adverse effect on Rikshem's operations, 
earnings and financial position.  
Variations in supply and demand in the property market could have a material adverse impact on Rikshem’s 
business  
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between different 
regional markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such regional markets and 
property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall and property values will therefore decrease within those 
regional markets and property categories in which Rikshem operates. This may have a negative impact on 
Rikshem's property portfolio and in turn have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial 
position and earnings.  
Risk of tenant default 
Certain community services are operated from some of Rikshem’s properties. Most of the rental income stemming 
from this sector derives from public sector tenants or from tenants who run publicly funded activities on behalf of 
the Swedish Government, county councils or municipalities. There is a risk of tenants failing to pay rents or 
otherwise failing to comply with the terms of their respective lease agreement(s). If this occurs, it may lead to 
lower rental income and bad debt losses. If tenants fail to perform their obligations at all, for example in the event 
of bankruptcy, or only after debt collection measures have been taken, this may also result in an increased vacancy 
rate with lower rental income and thus property values as a result in the event that such tenants cease to occupy 
as a result. If tenants fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform their obligations, this may have 
a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Property valuation relies on factors which are subject to change  
Rikshem is exposed to changes in the market value of its property portfolio. Rikshem reports its property holdings 
at fair value in accordance with IAS 40 Investment Property, such that Rikshem's book value in respect of the 
properties corresponds to their assessed market value. External property valuations of the whole property portfolio

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
are carried out on a quarterly basis by independent firms of appraisers. In addition to this, internal valuations are 
carried out on properties with major ongoing or upcoming projects. The value of the properties is affected by, and 
any assessment made in the light of, a number of factors such as market supply, vacancy rate, rent level and 
operating expenses, residual value, yield requirement, general economic trends, interest rates and inflation. There 
is a risk that changes in respect of such factors may have a negative effect on property values. This could have a 
material adverse impact on Rikshem's credit rating, financial position and earnings.  
Property transactions involve uncertainties which could adversely impact Rikshem's business  
Property transactions represent an important part of Rikshem's day-to-day business operations and will continue 
to constitute a part of Rikshem's growth strategy going forward. All property investments are associated with 
uncertainty and assumptions. The property market's yield requirement, liquidity, future vacancies, the tenants' 
payment capability, environmental conditions as well as technical defects constitute some of the uncertainty 
associated with property transactions. In addition, Rikshem is exposed to risks in relation to non-identified risks 
linked to businesses that are acquired, either because of a lack of information or due to the fact that assumptions 
made may turn out to be erroneous. For example, tenants may be lost, the accounts of the acquired business may 
be erroneous and/or the business may be the subject of unforeseen environmental or tax claims. Furthermore, 
other circumstances may exist that have an adverse impact on the value of the business or property being acquired. 
Notwithstanding the fact that, prior to each investment, Rikshem carries out an investigation aimed at identifying 
and, if possible, mitigating risks that may be associated with the investment, a risk remains that future businesses 
or properties that are added through acquisitions may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, 
financial position and earnings.  
There is a risk that Rikshem may fail to complete property transactions, which may have a material adverse impact 
on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings. 
In sales agreements entered into by Rikshem, the purchaser may in the future present warranty claims against 
Rikshem. While there have not been any material unsettled warranty claims with respect to sold properties and 
companies, there is a risk that any claims in the future may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's business, 
financial position and earnings. Correspondingly, in relation to purchase agreements entered into by Rikshem, 
there is a risk that the possibility of Rikshem obtaining compensation in the case of a warranty claim it makes will 
be limited if an acquisition was made from a vendor which is, or will be, in financial difficulties or if there is a 
cap in respect of the amount of compensation or other limitations that may be claimed – this may contribute to 
increased uncertainty and increased costs for Rikshem, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on its 
operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rental regulations may restrict Rikshem's ability to increase rents and may have a negative impact on general 
market rental rates which in turn may affect the valuation of Rikshem's properties  
The ability of Rikshem to increase rents under its tenancy agreements in residential properties may be limited by 
the applicable rent regulations in Sweden, including the system of "utility value" (Sw: Bruksvärdessystemet) 
which implies that rent levels should be proportionate to the quality and standard of the residential unit in question 
and can only be increased to a level that is in line with the rent that is charged on other comparable residential 
units (in other words, rents can only be subject to more significant above-inflation increases when the residential 
units have been upgraded). For a general description of the rental regulations applicable in Sweden, please see 
"Description of the Issuer - Overview of the Swedish rental market for housing and properties for public use". In 
the context of Rikshem's residential development and refurbishment programmes, to the extent that Rikshem is or 
becomes restricted by applicable rental regulations from increasing the rent payable on such upgraded properties, 
this could have a material impact on Rikshem's ability to recover the costs and expenses associated with the 
upgrade of those residential units and this could, in turn, have a material impact on Rikshem's operations, earnings 
and/or financial position. While rental regulations can contribute to a more stable income relating to residential 
rents, the further tightening of any applicable rental regulations in a specific market could have a negative impact 
on the market rental rates payable in that market. Any general decreases in the rental levels of Rikshem's properties 
as a result of decreases in market rental rates could have a negative effect on the value of Rikshem's properties 
and this, in turn, could have a material impact on the growth and financial prospects of Rikshem.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Business disruptions, operational shortcomings, system failures and internal deficiencies may expose Rikshem to 
operating risk and cause it to incur losses 
The term operating risk refers mainly to the risk of financial consequences and consequences related to the loss 
of trust which may ensue from shortcomings in internal routines and systems, including IT systems. The risk also 
includes legal risks and risks within regulatory compliance.  
If Rikshem's systems or policies are not adequate, there is a risk that Rikshem may incur losses, for example due 
to the fact that incorrect decisions are made or Rikshem becomes unable to manage its operations efficiently. 
Business disruptions and shortcomings in operational security may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's 
operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance  
Rikshem has insurance policies covering, amongst other things, property, business interruption and liability for 
damages (including in respect of the liability of Rikshem's directors). However, the actual losses suffered by 
Rikshem could exceed its insurance coverage and could be material. The realisation of one or more damaging 
events for which Rikshem has no insurance coverage or for which Rikshem's insurance coverage is insufficient 
could result in Rikshem incurring significant uninsured costs or liabilities, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on Rikshem's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Interests of Rikshem's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes  
The interests of Rikshem's shareholders may, under certain circumstances, conflict with those of the holders of 
the Notes, particularly if Rikshem encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In 
addition, Rikshem's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other 
transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might 
involve risks to the holders of the Notes. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on Rikshem's 
operations, financial position, earnings and future prospects.  
Rikshem has no direct control over jointly-owned companies  
In addition to Rikshem's wholly-owned subsidiaries, Rikshem holds stakes in a number of companies. Rikshem 
has no exclusive right of decision-making over these companies and is not able, alone, to ensure that investments 
or divestments of properties in these companies take place in accordance with Rikshem's requirements. There is 
a risk that property development in these companies will be carried out in a manner that is detrimental to Rikshem, 
which may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
A change in the controlling ownership of Rikshem could result in the requirement for Rikshem to repay holders 
of notes under its existing domestic MTN programme ("Domestic MTN Programme") ahead of Noteholders under 
the Programme  
The terms and conditions of the notes issued under Rikshem's Domestic MTN Programme stipulate that holders 
of notes under it are entitled to early redemption if either AMF Tjänstepension AB ceases to own shares 
representing 50% of the issued share capital and votes in the Issuer or the Swedish National Pension Funds1 cease, 
individually or jointly, directly or indirectly, to own shares representing 50% of the issued share capital and votes 
in the Issuer. For Notes issued under the Programme, there is a similar provision set out at Condition 9(f) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which provides for a change of control where one or more persons acting 
together acquire shares representing more than 50% of the voting capital in the Issuer and includes the additional 
requirement of a downgrade in, or withdrawal of, Rikshem's credit rating following the relevant change of control 
before Noteholders are entitled to early redemption. Given this difference in the change of control event and the 
additional credit rating downgrade or withdrawal requirement, there is a risk to Noteholders that holders of notes 
under the Domestic MTN Programme may exercise their right to repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event 
that the change of control under the Programme is not triggered or there has not been a credit rating downgrade 
 
 
1 Constituted by Första AP-fonden (the First Swedish National Pension Fund), Andra AP-fonden (the Second Swedish National Pension Fund), 
Tredje AP-fonden (the Third Swedish National Pension Fund), Fjärde AP-fonden (the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund), Sjätte AP-
fonden (the Sixth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Sjunde AP-fonden (the Seventh Swedish National Pension Fund).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
or withdrawal following a change in controlling ownership of Rikshem. This could result in the claim for 
repayment by Noteholders on a subsequent winding up of Rikshem being prejudiced as other unsecured holders 
of notes under existing financings may have been repaid prior to the Noteholders' claim, thereby reducing the 
assets available to Rikshem to satisfy such claim by the Noteholders.  
Loss of key personnel may undermine Rikshem's operations  
Rikshem's business is dependent on experienced employees possessing relevant skills. Such key individuals are 
included among senior executives as well as Rikshem's employees in general. There may be a risk that, over time, 
Rikshem is unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel to the desired extent. Any disruption caused by the 
departure of one or more key individuals may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial 
position and earnings.  
Rikshem has a holding company structure in which its subsidiaries conduct its operations and own nearly all its 
properties 
Rikshem has no significant assets other than the equity interests in its subsidiaries. As a result, Rikshem's ability 
to make required payments under the Notes depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and their ability to 
distribute funds to it. Such cash flows will depend on the business and financial conditions of its subsidiaries. In 
addition, the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions may be limited by applicable laws 
and any indebtedness those subsidiaries have incurred. Equally, if Rikshem's subsidiaries do not pay any dividends 
or distributions, or do so irregularly, Rikshem's performance may be adversely affected.  
Further, on the liquidation of one of its subsidiaries, Rikshem's right to receive repayment in respect of finance it 
has provided to such subsidiary, and therefore the right of Noteholders to participate in those proceeds, may be 
structurally subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that subsidiary. In addition, even if Rikshem is a 
creditor of any of its subsidiaries, its rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any existing security interest in 
the assets of such subsidiary. Accordingly, other creditors will have claims that are superior to Rikshem's which 
could have an adverse effect on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings. 
Legal risks  
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the value of Rikshem's properties or results, increase its expenses 
and/or slow or halt the development of projects   
Rikshem must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition and labour laws, laws 
relating to rent levels and the rights of tenants as well as corporate, accounting and tax laws. In particular, 
requirements for energy efficiency have become more stringent in recent years, which results, among other things, 
in increased construction prices. Changes in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretations could 
require Rikshem to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially having a negative impact on the 
value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or slowing or even halting of the development 
of certain projects.  
Such a fall in the value of Rikshem's properties, increase in cost of, or interruption or cessation of, development 
of projects or additional costs incurred as a result of legislative changes may have a material adverse effect on 
Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations and governmental and municipal charges  
Rikshem's operations are affected by the applicable corporation tax, value added tax and property tax rules in 
force from time to time in Sweden. This is also the case concerning other governmental and municipal charges 
and contributions. Notwithstanding that Rikshem's operations are conducted in accordance with Rikshem's 
interpretation of applicable laws and rules in respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation is incorrect or 
that applicable tax law and rules may be amended or reinterpreted, possibly with retroactive effect. In addition, 
future changes to applicable tax laws and rules or governmental and municipal charges and contributions may 
affect the conditions for Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Swedish Tax Agency may not agree with Rikshem's previous tax assessment decisions  
The Swedish Tax Agency carries out regular tax assessment audits of companies. There is a risk that, in 
conjunction with a tax assessment audit, the Swedish Tax Agency will not share Rikshem's opinion regarding, for 
example, the right of deduction, possibilities for tax write-offs, or the ability to use loss carry-forwards. Such a 
different opinion by the Swedish Tax Agency lead to penalties or additional tax liability, which may have a 
material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Disputes and legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Rikshem  
Rikshem may incur costs as a consequence of conducting legal proceedings, settlement costs, as well as costs in 
respect of awarded damages and other obligations which may be imposed on Rikshem. Rikshem's subsidiaries 
may, from time to time, become involved in disputes within the scope of normal business operations and run the 
risk, similarly to other companies within Rikshem's industry, of being the subject of claims with respect to, for 
example, contractual issues, warranty claims, alleged errors in the provision of services, environmental issues and 
intellectual property rights. Such disputes and claims may be time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve 
large monetary amounts, detrimentally affect relations with customers and municipalities and result in significant 
costs. In the event such disputes arise and Rikshem is held liable in damages or enters into a settlement agreement, 
there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full by Rikshem's insurance. In addition, the outcome of 
complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. Potential disputes and legal proceedings brought against Rikshem 
may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Environmental risks  
Properties may affect the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and through the activities 
conducted within them. According to the Swedish Environmental Code (Miljöbalken (SFS 1998:808)), persons 
who pursue activities that have contributed to contamination are responsible for remedying any harm caused. In 
Rikshem's case, it would be its tenants who are pursuing such activities, unless contamination is contributed to by 
Rikshem's activities as a property owner. However, under the Swedish Environmental Code, if the person pursuing 
the activity is unable to carry out or defray the cost of remediation, the responsibility for the after-treatment is 
imposed on any party that has acquired the property on or after 1 January 1999 and, at the time of the acquisition, 
was aware or should have been aware of the contamination. Accordingly, there is a risk that under certain 
circumstances claims may be brought against Rikshem for the clean-up of contamination that has taken place, in 
order to restore properties to a condition that complies with the Swedish Environmental Code. In the event such 
liability is imposed on Rikshem, it may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and 
earnings.  
Financial risks  
Fluctuations in market interest rates and loan margins may adversely affect Rikshem's business  
Rikshem's operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts. As a consequence, 
Rikshem is exposed to the risk of changes in market interest rates and loan margins. The risk is also affected by 
the strategy Rikshem chooses in respect of fixed–interest periods. Increased interest expenses may have a material 
adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Changes in the value of financial derivative instruments may result in losses for Rikshem  
Rikshem has a number of loans with short fixed-interest periods and uses interest rate derivatives (mainly interest 
rate swaps) as an element in the management of interest-rate risk. Interest rate derivatives are regularly reported 
at fair value in the balance sheet, with changes in value being reported in the income statement. In the event that 
market rates fall, the market value of Rikshem's interest rate derivatives will decrease, which may have a material 
adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem is exposed to credit and counterparty risk  
There is a risk that Rikshem's counterparties within its financing operations will fail to perform their financial 
obligations to Rikshem. Rikshem's financing activities include, among other things, the execution of long and 
short-term loan agreements, the execution of interest rate and cross currency derivatives, as well as the investment 
of liquidity surpluses through the execution of long and short-term loan agreements. Rikshem has also made 
certain loans to part owned subsidiaries.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
There is a risk that these counterparties and part owned subsidiaries will fail to perform their financial obligations 
to Rikshem, which may have a material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Rikshem may not be able to refinance its existing loans on competitive terms or at all  
External borrowing accounts form a large part of Rikshem's supply of capital. As these loans mature, they must 
be repaid, extended or renewed. The conditions for Rikshem refinancing loan facilities as they expire depend on 
access to financing at the time and Rikshem's financial position. In the event that Rikshem is unable to secure 
refinancing or can only obtain refinancing at substantially increased costs, this may have a material adverse impact 
on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Breach of financial covenants may lead to Rikshem's creditors accelerating its loans  
Rikshem's bank loan agreements usually include both financial and other covenants. Such covenants may, for 
example, relate to an interest-coverage ratio or loan volumes relative to the fair value of Rikshem's properties. In 
addition, the majority of the financing agreements entitle the lenders to accelerate repayment of the loan in the 
event that the ownership of Rikshem changes.  
As security for bank loans, Rikshem may grant mortgages over certain properties or security interests in intragroup 
claims against subsidiaries, or Rikshem may pledge shares in its subsidiaries, partnerships or limited partnerships, 
or provide guarantees. In the event that Rikshem breaches its financial covenants in a loan agreement this may 
lead to the acceleration of loans or to credit institutions having recourse to pledged assets, which may have a 
material adverse impact on Rikshem's operations, financial position and earnings.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected 
to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics 
Although Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes (each 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”) may be structured either (i) with the interest rate relating to the Notes being

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
subject to upward adjustment or (ii) through the payment of a premium upon early redemption or at maturity, as 
applicable, in certain circumstances specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, such Sustainability-
Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any existing or future legal or quasi legal standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and any related technical screening criteria, the SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any 
similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such standards as they may evolve from time 
to time and no representation is made by the Issuer or the relevant Dealers as to the suitability of the Sustainability-
Linked Notes to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. Any such Notes 
are not 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' bonds and are not being marketed as such and the Issuer expects to use the 
net proceeds of any issue of Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes for general corporate purposes. Therefore, 
the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds of any such Notes specifically to projects or business 
activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with 
green, social or sustainable bonds.  
In addition, the interest rate adjustment or payment of premium in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-
Linked Notes depends on, inter alia, definitions of the Energy Consumption Percentage, the Miljöbyggnad 
Certification Percentage, the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage and/or the Supplier Code of Conduct 
Percentage, as the case may be, that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other 
definitions relevant to these factors. The sustainability performance of the Issuer is calculated with reference to 
the Issuer's business, operations and capabilities and does not easily lend itself to benchmarking against the 
sustainability performance of other companies. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in assets with sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of the Sustainability-Linked Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).  
Risks that may result from efforts to achieve sustainability-linked performance targets 
Although Rikshem targets (i) reducing the energy used in Rikshem’s existing and like-for-like portfolio of 
buildings, (ii) achieving at least silver level certification from Miljöbyggnad (the Swedish environmental 
certification system) for its new building projects, (iii) increasing the perceived level of safety of its tenants and 
(iv) increasing the proportion of its suppliers which have committed to Rikshem’s supplier code of conduct and 
completed a self-led review, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in achieving 
these aims or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations 
or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments 
Rikshem makes in furtherance of these targets or such investments may become controversial or criticised by 
activist groups or other stakeholders.  
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to 
repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if Rikshem fails to satisfy any or all of (i) the Energy 
Consumption Condition, (ii) Miljöbyggnad Certification Condition, (iii) the Neighbourhoods Safety Index 
Condition or (iv) the Supplier Code of Conduct Condition (all as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), as applicable. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in assets with sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of the Sustainability-Linked Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this risk factor have the meanings given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of the SLB Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion, dated 6 February 2024, in respect of the Issuer's Sustainability-
Linked Bond Framework which was developed in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
established in June 2023 by the ICMA (the “SLB Second Party Opinion”). The SLB Second Party Opinion, 
which provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations, is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any Dealer as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the SLB Second Party Opinion), report, 
certification or validation of any third party in connection with the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or 
the sustainability performance targets set to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability-linked and/or 
other criteria.  
The SLB Second Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The SLB Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion, report or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability 
of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of Rikshem, the Dealers, any 
SLB Second Party Opinion providers, any External Verifier or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-
Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such 
opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which is only current 
as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, 
report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of 
any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that Rikshem is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining on, 
reporting on or certifying may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in assets with sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of the Sustainability-Linked Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).  
No assurance that Sustainability-Linked Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will 
be maintained 
In the event any such Sustainability-Linked Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of such Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in assets with sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as a result of the Sustainability-Linked Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).  
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators 
The terms of the Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain sustainability-linked performance targets linked to 
one or more sustainability key performance indicators (see "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics"). Failure to meet such 
sustainability performance targets will result in increased interest amounts being payable under the Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Notes or the payment of a premium amount at redemption under the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes, either of which would increase Rikshem’s total cost of funding and may result in a significant 
negative impact on Rikshem’s reputation, either of which could have a material adverse effect on Rikshem, its 
business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event may occur if, amongst other 
things and as applicable to the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, Rikshem’s (i) energy consumption 
in Rikshem’s existing and like-for-like portfolio of buildings (Energy Consumption Percentage, as more fully 
described in Condition 7A) in respect of the Reference Year specified in the applicable Final Terms, is not reduced 
by at least the relevant Energy Consumption Percentage Threshold, specified in the applicable Final Terms, by

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
comparison to the Energy Consumption Baseline or (ii) proportion of new buildings achieving at least silver level 
certification from Miljöbyggnad (the Swedish environmental certification system) (the Miljöbyggnad 
Certification Percentage, as more fully described in Condition 7A) in respect of the Reference Year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, does not meet at least the relevant Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) perceived level of safety of its tenants (the Neighbourhoods Safety 
Index Percentage, as more fully described in Condition 7A) in respect of the Reference Year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, does not increase to at least the relevant Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage 
Threshold specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) proportion of its suppliers which have committed to 
Rikshem’s supplier code of conduct and completed a self-led review (the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage, 
as more fully described in Condition 7A) in respect of the Reference Year specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
does not increase to at least the relevant Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage Threshold specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the Issuer to recalculate the Energy 
Consumption Baseline, the KPIs and the SPTs in accordance with the  Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework to 
reflect any significant change in: (i) the calculation methodology of one or more the KPIs, (ii) any regulation 
which is relevant to the determination of one or more the KPIs; (iii) data due to better data accessibility or 
discovery of data errors, or (iv) the perimeter of Rikshem as a result of any acquisition, amalgamation, demerger, 
merger, corporate reconstruction, divestiture or disposal. Accordingly, while any such recalculation by Rikshem 
must be confirmed (a) in a Recalculation Assurance Report prepared by an independent External Verifier, and (b) 
by the SPO Provider in an SPO Provider Statement, any such adjustments to the Energy Consumption Baseline, 
the KPIs or the SPTs may have unforeseen consequences on Rikshem’s overall sustainability profile. For example, 
an increase or decrease in the amount of energy consumption comprising the Energy Consumption Baseline, may, 
respectively, increase the total amount of energy that may be consumed in Rikshem’s buildings while still being 
able to satisfy the Energy Consumption Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event, or decrease the total reduction in energy consumption that needs to be achieved in Rikshem’s buildings in 
order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, which could 
in turn adversely affect the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this risk factor have the meanings given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Green Projects. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the 
Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, Green Projects (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, the SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives  (including in relation 
to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the SFDR, and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels 
as they may evolve from time to time, or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion 
or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so specified for 
Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there is no contractual 
obligation to do so. In addition, there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly an amount equal to the net proceeds will be 
totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed prior to their 
maturity date.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on 
and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things 
they (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, as applicable, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or 
non-UK based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, 
announcing completion of its mandate. 
The above reforms may cause EURIBOR and other benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the 
past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks and/or (c) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a "benchmark". 
The potential elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the terms and conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in other consequences, in respect of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value 
and return on any such Notes. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or 
any successor service)) becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, 
otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero) and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement new benchmark, all as determined by the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser), all as more fully described in 
Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (including with the application of any Adjustment Spread) may result in any Notes linked to or referencing 
an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers  
The Conditions of the Notes (and in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement) contain provisions for 
calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Note Conditions or waive relevant rights thereunder without prior approval of the affected 
holders of VPS Notes provided that: 
(1) 
such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected holders of VPS 
Notes in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; 
or 
(2) 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the holders of VPS Notes of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary. 
Change of law  
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in VPS Norway 
as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes and Condition 18(c) 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver – VPS Notes) will be governed by Norwegian law. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, Norwegian law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case 
a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of Rikshem's existing secured and future secured indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Notes are therefore effectively subordinated to the Issuer's 
existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the Issuer's secured 
indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value of the assets 
securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the assets 
that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available to satisfy the obligations 
under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other than as set out in Condition 
5(a) (Negative Pledge) and Condition 5(b) (Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness), the Terms 
and Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future indebtedness. To the extent that the 
Issuer was to secure any of its future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure the Notes, its obligations, 
in respect of the Notes, would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value 
of the security securing such indebtedness.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of 
investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. In 
addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by changes in regulatory 
requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, (2) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. This may result in EEA regulated investors and UK regulated 
investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation and the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the "FCA") in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such lists, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list and/or FCA list (as

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
applicable). Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including with 
respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the Conditions 
that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, 
in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term 
and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Enforceability of judgments  
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal agreement 
(during which EU law continued to apply to the UK) expired on 31 December 2020. As a result, the Recast 
Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012) has ceased to apply to the UK (and English court judgments). 
Absent any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable 
in relation to the Notes between the UK and Sweden, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to 
the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final 
judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as 
evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the 
dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement 
by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of 
the Issuer extracted from the annual report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, 
as set out on the following pages of the Issuer's 2023 Annual Report: 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Pages 69 - 70 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 70 - 72 
Group - Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 72 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 73 
Accounting Principles and Notes 
Pages 78 - 101 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 103 - 106 
Key Figures 
Page 132 
Key Indicators – calculations 
Page 133 
Definitions 
Page 134 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.rikshem.se/media/apzb2pnl/rikshem-ab-publ-annual-and-sustainability-report-2023.pdf   
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of 
the Issuer extracted from the annual report of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, 
as set out on the following pages of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report: 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 74 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 75 
Group - Statement of Changes in Equity  
Page 77 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 78 
Accounting Principles and Notes 
Pages 83 - 103 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 105 - 108 
Key Figures 
Page 132 
Key Indicators – calculations 
Page 133 
Definitions 
Page 134 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.rikshem.se/media/124akqet/rikshem-ab-publ-annual-and-sustainability-report-2022.pdf  
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2017 at pages 23-
48 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website:

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%2030.05_49d27dd9-501e-4e02-
95cb-5f6f9c391798.PDF 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2018 at pages 26-
51(inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus_8dc49517-6334-48c8-a331-
b6a41e2b9e71.pdf    
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 April 2019 at pages 27-
55 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_dd68fc47-6d0b-4bf0-8914-
2bb7263a6dca.PDF 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 April 2020 at pages 29-
60 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_588ade97-0fa1-4e45-9f4c-777fefe5d6bb.PDF  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 April 2021 at pages 30-
61 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/cbb55727-2b7f-
4e8c-8741-38ccd1a942d0.PDF 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 at pages 31-
61 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/dd26aed6-8f73-
4500-8e74-66a465fbd6ce.PDF  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 25 April 2023 at pages 30-
60 (inclusive) available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/1b443a9e-db52-
450b-9329-d6b8ff223f46.pdf   
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained at pages 29-38 (inclusive) of the Supplement dated 13 
February 2024 to the Base Prospectus dated 25 April 2023 available for viewing on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/2875438f-bf13-
48e7-9180-391101600882.pdf  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to 
the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which 
are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject 
to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
The following are also the terms and conditions which will be applicable to each VPS Note. VPS Notes will not 
be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VPS Norway. 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by VPS Norway. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be in the case 
of VPS Notes, deemed to apply to any such Notes. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Rikshem AB (publ) (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed or 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes (other than the VPS Notes (as defined below)) are the subject of an 
amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 29 April 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") 
between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank 
Europe plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (the 
"Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" 
is to any one of them. VPS Notes will be issued in accordance with and subject to a VPS Agency 
Agreement (such VPS Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time), the ("VPS Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and an agent (the "VPS Agent") who will act 
as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with VPS Norway in respect of VPS Notes as provided in 
the relevant VPS Agency Agreement. Each issue of VPS Notes will have the benefit of a trust agreement 
(such trust agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "VPS 
Trustee Agreement") dated 30 April 2020 made between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the "VPS 
Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as VPS Trustee). The VPS Trustee acts for the 
benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes, in accordance with the provisions of the VPS 
Trustee Agreement and these Conditions. The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that, unless otherwise 
agreed, the VPS Trustee will act as calculation agent in respect of VPS Notes. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form 
("Registered Notes") or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form registered in the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("VPS 
Norway") ("VPS Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 29 April 2022 
(the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest 
coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available 
for inspection or collection by Noteholders during normal business hours upon reasonable request at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below, or may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent). A copy of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office for the 
time being of the VPS Trustee. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Change of Control" occurs when a person or persons, other than AMF Tjänstepension AB or Fjärde 
AP-fonden, the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund, acting together, acquire (i) the beneficial 
ownership (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by shares 
of the Issuer, or (ii) have the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of 
directors of the Issuer; 
"Change of Control Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
"Change of Control Notice" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date which 
is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control (such 
120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Issuer, if a Rating 
Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the 
Issuer under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of 
Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 90 days after the date of such public 
announcement by such Rating Agency; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of 
the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that 
rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Clean-up Call Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, as such amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as shown in the most recent published audited annual, unaudited semi-
annual or unaudited quarterly interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction=
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30";

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a Par 
Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date);

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
"Determination Agent" means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) the based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes) and in the case of 
VPS Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(k) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – VPS 
Notes); 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or the relevant 
Payment Date, if the Notes becomes payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date); 
"Investment Grade Rating Change" means if any rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency is changed from an investment grade rating (being at least Baa3 by Moody's, BBB- by Fitch or 
BBB- by S&P) to a non-investment grade rating (being Ba1 or lower by Moody's, or BB+ or lower by 
Fitch or BB+ or lower by S&P);  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means the amount calculated by the Determination Agent which 
is the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of 
the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining 
Term Interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and in relation to Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes only, the following amounts shall 
also be deemed to be payable: (1) the Energy Consumption Event Redemption Premium (unless either 
Energy Consumption Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the Energy 
Consumption Percentage as reported in the most recently published SLB Progress Report and Assurance 
Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is equal to or greater than the Energy Consumption 
Percentage Threshold), (2) the Miljöbyggnad Certification Event Redemption Premium (unless either 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage as reported in the most recently published SLB Progress Report 
and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is equal to or greater than the 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold), (3) the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event 
Redemption Premium (unless either Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage as reported in the most 
recently published SLB Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
is equal to or greater than the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage Threshold) and/or (4) the Supplier 
Code of Conduct Event Redemption Premium (unless either Supplier Code of Conduct Event is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage as reported 
in the most recently published SLB Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) is equal to or greater than the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage Threshold;; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of 
redemption; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total assets or pre-
tax profits as shown in the most recent consolidated audited financial statements represent 5 per cent. or 
more of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer as calculated by reference to the most recent 
consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Ltd; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified tenor, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and 
calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as calculation agent (or any other 
person which takes over the administration and/or calculation of that rate) for the relevant period (before 
any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes) and in the case of 
VPS Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(k) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – VPS 
Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, 
exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany 
Indebtedness); provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness 
renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all accrued interest on 
the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in 
connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the Indebtedness being 
renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity 
date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced or discharged is expressly, 
contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if the Issuer was the obligor on the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced 
or discharged, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured 
has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific and near-
term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential Change of Control is 
reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder or any 
such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such announcement of 
statement); 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P; 
"Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the 
Change of Control Period (i) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency (at the 
invitation or with the consent of the Issuer) is withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the 
Change of Control Period or (ii) the non-investment grade rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any 
Rating Agency (at the invitation or with the consent of the Issuer) is lowered one rating category (for 
example, from Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently 
upgraded within the Change of Control Period or (iii) an Investment Grade Rating Change occurs and is 
not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade 
otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect 
of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this 
definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the withdrawal or 
reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, the Change of Control Redemption Amount, the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) if at least five Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received the arithmetic average of the Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (B) if fewer than five but more than one such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (C) if 
only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation so obtained or 
(D) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the 
Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it deems appropriate; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if a Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) 
determined on the basis of: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes that are not Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer); or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes that are Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes only, the Rate of Interest 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, until the 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Reporting End Date relating to the Reference Year, at which point the Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be increased by: 
(i) 
the Energy Consumption Event Step-Up Margin (unless either Energy Consumption 
Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the Energy 
Consumption Percentage as reported in the most recently published SLB Progress 
Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is equal to or 
greater than Energy Consumption Percentage Threshold); 
(ii) 
the Miljöbyggnad Certification Event Step-Up Margin (unless either Miljöbyggnad 
Certification Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage as reported in the most recently published SLB 
Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is 
equal to or greater than the Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold);

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(iii) 
the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event Step-Up Margin (unless either Neighbourhoods 
Safety Index Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage as reported in the most recently published 
SLB Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
is equal to or greater than the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage Threshold); and  
(iv) 
the Supplier Code of Conduct Event Step-Up Margin (unless either Supplier Code of 
Conduct Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage as reported in the most recently published SLB 
Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is 
equal to or greater than the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage Threshold); 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
"Secured Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness secured in whole or in part by any assets of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which 
takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor or replacement for that system; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee 
Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency 
Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented 
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agent.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, to any Noteholder who requests in writing a 
copy of such regulations. 
(k) 
VPS Notes: Title to VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at VPS Norway in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 
15 March 2019 no. 6 (No. verdipapirsentralloven) (the "CSD Act") which implements Regulation (EU) 
no. 909/2014 ("CSDR") into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act as well as the 
rules and procedures of VPS Norway, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The holder 
of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of VPS Norway (as 
amended from time to time). The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes 
shall be treated as the holder of such VPS Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on 
such Notes and for all other purposes. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of VPS 
Norway or one issued on behalf of VPS Norway by an account-carrying institution as to a particular 
person being a holder of VPS Notes. The expressions Noteholders and Holder and related expressions 
shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. Any references in these Conditions to Coupons, Talons, 
Couponholders, Bearer Notes, Note Certificates, Put Option Receipts, Registered Notes, Bearer Global 
Notes and Notes in definitive form (or, in each case, similar expressions) shall not apply to VPS Notes. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations 
of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
5. 
Covenants 
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a 
Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any Guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and 
rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
(b) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains outstanding the 
Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur directly or indirectly, any Secured 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 
5(b) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness 
would exceed 45 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments - Bearer 
Notes), Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount.   
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments - Bearer 
Notes), Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer in consultation with an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 7(h) 
below) determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent in order for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Issuer, or an agent appointed by it) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable 
to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.   
(f) 
Publication: Subject to Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent will cause 
each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) 
to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority and stock exchange or listing agent (as 
the case may be) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in 
the case of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent as soon as practicable after such 
determination.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the VPS Trustee, the VPS 
Agent, VPS Norway, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to 
any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably 
manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no 
later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(h) during any other 
future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 7(h)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent further operation of this Condition 7(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 7(h)(iii)) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 7(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 7(h)(ii) the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in 
this Condition 7(h). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 7(h) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall 
(at the Issuer's expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions, provided that 
the Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendments if in the sole opinion of 
the relevant Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the relevant Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(h)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall promptly, but in any event no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date, 
notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 7(h)(v). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser. 
(vi) 
 Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 7(h), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply 
unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 7(h)(v).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(vii) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the 
Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(h) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(h). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 7(h)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(h)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i) above; 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (e)(i) above;  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will, on or before a 
specified date, be no longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (g)(i) above;  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to 
this Condition 7(h) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(h); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 7(h)(ii), such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
7A. 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 7A (Step Up Option) is applicable to the Notes only if the Step Up Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes") 
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event has occurred, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the Reporting End Date relating to the Reference Year, the Initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall 
be increased by the Step-Up Margin (such increase, a "Step Up"). The applicable Final Terms shall 
specify whether one or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events shall apply in respect of each Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up may only occur once during the term of the Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Notes (and, if more than one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be applicable, such increase may occur no more than once as a result of each such 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event). The Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, 
as applicable, regardless of whether or not any of the Energy Consumption Percentage, the Miljöbyggnad 
Certification Percentage, the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage or the Supplier Code of Conduct 
Percentage satisfies the relevant SPT for any subsequent period following the occurrence of a Step Up. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event and the related Step-Up 
Margin increase in the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such occurrence and in no event later than the Reporting End Date relating to the Relevant Year. 
One or more of the Energy Consumption Baseline, the KPIs and the SPTs may be recalculated in good 
faith by the Issuer in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework to reflect any 
significant change in: (i) the calculation methodology of the relevant KPI(s), (ii) any regulation which is 
relevant to the determination of the relevant KPI(s); (iii) data due to better data accessibility or discovery 
of data errors, or (iv) the perimeter of the Group as a result of any acquisition, amalgamation, demerger, 
merger, corporate reconstruction, divestiture or disposal, provided that any such recalculation has been 
(a) confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in a Recalculation Assurance Report; (b) confirmed by 
the SPO Provider in an SPO Provider Statement; and (c) published by the Issuer in a SLB Progress Report 
in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information). 
In these Conditions: 
"Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20A (Available Information); 
"Energy Consumption" means in kilowatt hours per metre squared ("kWh/m2"), the energy used in the 
Group’s existing and like-for-like portfolio of buildings, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Framework; 
"Energy Consumption Baseline" means, in kWh/m2, the Energy Consumption for the period 1 January 
2019 to 31 December 2019, as reported in the Issuer’s Annual and Sustainability Report 2019, subject to 
recalculation in accordance with this Condition 7A (Step Up Option); 
"Energy Consumption Condition" means the condition that: 
(i) 
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to the Reference Year and (if 
applicable) the related Recalculation Assurance Report and SPO Provider Statement have been 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information) by no later 
than the relevant Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Energy Consumption Percentage in respect of the Reference Year, as shown in the relevant 
SLB Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the Energy 
Consumption Percentage Threshold,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Energy Consumption Condition; 
an "Energy Consumption Event" (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the 
Group fails to satisfy the Energy Consumption Condition; 
"Energy Consumption Event Step-Up Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Energy Consumption Event Step-Up Margin; 
"Energy Consumption Percentage" means in respect of any Relevant Year, the percentage by which 
the Energy Consumption for such Relevant Year has been reduced compared to the Energy Consumption 
Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report and confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance 
with Condition 20A (Available Information); 
"Energy Consumption Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Energy Consumption Percentage Threshold; 
"External Verifier" means in respect of each KPI, a qualified external reviewer, such as an auditor or 
environmental consultant, with relevant expertise, as outlined in the ICMA’s Guidelines for Green, Social 
and Sustainability-Linked Bond External Reviews Principles June 2020 (as amended from time to time, 
the "Voluntary Guidelines"), to be appointed by the Issuer, or, in the event that such external verifier 
resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other independent, qualified provider(s) with relevant expertise as 
outlined in the Voluntary Guidelines, appointed by the Issuer;  
"Framework Agreement Suppliers" means all suppliers and contractors that have a written framework 
agreement with the Group, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Margin" means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"KPI(s)" means, the Energy Consumption Percentage, the Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage, the 
Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage or the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage, as applicable; 
"Miljöbyggnad Certification" means certification by Miljöbyggnad, the Swedish environmental 
certification system, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework; 
"Miljöbyggnad Certification Condition" means the condition that:  
(i) 
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report for the Reference Year and (if applicable) 
the Recalculation Assurance Report and SPO Provider Statement have been published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information) by no later than the relevant 
Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage for the Reference Year, as shown in the relevant 
SLB Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Miljöbyggnad Certification Condition; 
a "Miljöbyggnad Certification Event" (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs 
if the Group fails to satisfy the Miljöbyggnad Certification Condition; 
"Miljöbyggnad Certification Event Step-Up Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Miljöbyggnad Certification Event Step-Up Margin;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
"Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage" means, in respect of any Relevant Year, the proportion of 
new construction projects completed by the Group in such Relevant Year, which have been issued at least 
silver level Miljöbyggnad Certification as at 31 December of such Relevant Year, as calculated in good 
faith by the Issuer, reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report and confirmed by the 
relevant External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance with Condition 20A (Available 
Information); 
"Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold" means the threshold specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage Threshold;  
"Neighbourhoods Safety Index" means the AktivBo customer survey, which measures the perceived 
level of safety of the Group’s tenants, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework; 
"Neighbourhoods Safety Index Condition" means the condition that:  
(i) 
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to the Reference Year and (if 
applicable) the related Recalculation Assurance Report and SPO Provider Statement have been 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) by no later than the relevant 
Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage in respect of the Reference Year, as shown in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than 
the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Condition; 
a "Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event" (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs 
if the Group fails to satisfy the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Condition; 
"Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event Step-Up Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event Step-Up Margin; 
"Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage" means, in respect of any Relevant Year, the Group’s score 
in the Neighbourhoods Safety Index for such year (expressed as a percentage and as further described in 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework), as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported by the 
Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report and confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in the relevant 
Assurance Report, in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information); 
"Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage 
Threshold; 
"Recalculation Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20A (Available 
Information); 
"Reference Year" means the calendar year specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Reference 
Year; 
"Relevant Year" means a year commencing on 1 January and ending on 31 December, beginning with 
the year in which the Issue Date of the Notes falls up to (and including) the Reference Year; 
"Reporting End Date" means, in relation to any Relevant Year (including the Reference Year), the date 
falling 120 days after 31 December in such Relevant Year; 
"SLB Progress Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20A (Available Information); 
"SPO Provider" means Sustainalytics, or in the event that such second party opinion provider resigns or 
is otherwise replaced, such other independent institution with sustainability expertise that is appointed by 
the Issuer; 
"SPO Provider Statement" has the meaning given to it in Condition 20A (Available Information);

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
"SPT(s)" means the Energy Consumption Percentage Threshold, the Miljöbyggnad Certification 
Percentage Threshold, the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage Threshold and/or the Supplier Code 
of Conduct Percentage Threshold, as applicable; 
"Step-Up Margin" means the aggregate of: 
(i) 
where Energy Consumption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Energy Consumption Event has occurred, the Energy Consumption Event Step-Up Margin;  
(ii) 
where Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event has occurred, the Neighbourhoods Safety 
Index Event Step-Up Margin; 
(iii) 
where Miljöbyggnad Certification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Miljöbyggnad Certification Event has occurred, the Miljöbyggnad Certification 
Event Step-Up Margin; and 
(iv) 
where Supplier Code of Conduct Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Supplier Code of Conduct Event has occurred, the Supplier Code of Conduct Event Step-
Up Margin; 
"Supplier Code of Conduct Condition" means the condition that:  
(i) 
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report for the Reference Year and (if applicable) 
the related Recalculation Assurance Report and SPO Provider Statement have been published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information) by no later than the 
relevant Reporting End Date; and 
(ii) 
the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage for the Reference Year, as shown in the relevant 
SLB Progress Report referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the 
Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, the Group shall be deemed to have 
failed to satisfy the Supplier Code of Conduct Condition; 
a "Supplier Code of Conduct Event" (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if 
the Group fails to satisfy the Supplier Code of Conduct Condition; 
"Supplier Code of Conduct Event Step-Up Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Supplier Code of Conduct Event Step-Up Margin; 
"Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage" means, in respect of any Relevant Year, the proportion of 
Framework Agreement Suppliers that have as at 31 December of such Relevant Year (i) signed the 
Supplier Code of Conduct; and (ii) completed a self-led review, as further described in the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Framework (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 
rounded upwards), as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB 
Progress Report and confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in 
accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information); 
"Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage Threshold" means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Supplier Code of Conduct Products Percentage 
Threshold;  
"Supplier Code of Conduct" means the Group’s code of conduct, which is signed by its suppliers as 
confirmation that they (and any sub-contractors they engage with) will comply with the minimum 
standards set out in such code of conduct, as further described in the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework; 
"Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework" means the sustainability-linked bond framework published 
by the Issuer and available on the Issuer's website as at the Issue Date of the Notes; and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event" means any or all of (i) the Energy Consumption Event; (ii) the 
Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event; (iii) the Supplier Code of Conduct Event; and/or (iv) the 
Miljöbyggnad Certification Event, as specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated 
by the Issuer equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments 
– VPS Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after an agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the Noteholders at its specified 
office and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent (A) a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer:  If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall 
be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out below) and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on any relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) on the Notes 
to (but excluding) such date). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is a 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be 
subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date (Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not 
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots on a pro rata basis in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in 
such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed (which will be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 20 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption), and, in the 
case of Registered Notes and (subject to compliance with the rules of VPS Norway in the case of VPS 
Notes) VPS Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears 
to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained 
in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note (other than a holder of a VPS Note) must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. In the case of a VPS Note, within the notice period set 
out above, a holder of any VPS Note may exercise its option to require redemption of its VPS Notes by 
giving written notice to its account number for VPS Norway, who will notify the VPS Agent and the VPS 
Trustee of the exercise of such option. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon 
due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is 
held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control. If a Change of Control Put Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then this Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon Change of Control) will apply. If after the Issue Date (i) a Change of Control occurs; 
and (ii) within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs (a "Change of Control Event") the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, upon the 
holder of such Note giving notice to the Issuer as provided in this Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders upon Change of Control) at any time during the Put Option Redemption Period, 
redeem such Note on the Put Option Redemption Date at 100 per cent. of its principal amount (the 
"Change of Control Redemption Amount") together (if applicable) with interest accrued and unpaid to 
(but excluding) the Put Option Redemption Date. All Notes in respect of which any such notice of 
redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
Immediately upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Event and the procedure for exercising the put 
option contained in this Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of 
Control). 
To exercise the put option pursuant to this Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon 
Change of Control), a holder must deposit the certificate representing the Note(s) to be redeemed with 
the Registrar or any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent or the Registrar within the Put 
Option Redemption Period. An Exercise Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control), the Issuer may, 
on not less than 10 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put 
Option Redemption Date, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes at 100 per cent. of their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid to (but excluding) the date of such redemption. Such 
notice to the Noteholders shall specify the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price and the manner 
in which redemption will be effected. 
For the purpose of Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control): 
(1) 
"Put Option Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date which falls 14 days after 
the date on which the relevant holder exercises its option in accordance with Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon Change of Control); 
(2) 
"Put Option Redemption Period" means the period from and including the date on which a 
Change of Control Event occurs (whether or not the Issuer has given a Change of Control Notice 
(as applicable) in respect of such event) to and including the date falling 45 days after the date on 
which such Change of Control Notice is delivered to the Noteholders, provided that if no Change 
of Control Notice (as applicable) is given, the Put Option Redemption Period shall not terminate.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other 
than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer)) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series 
at their Clean-up Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any 
interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount calculated by the Issuer equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith.  Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary surrendered to the 
Fiscal Agent for cancellation or in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled in accordance with the procedures 
of VPS Norway and the VPS Agency Agreement.  
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased or surrendered for cancellation and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(l) 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium: This Condition 9(l) (Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Sustainability-
Linked Redemption Premium is applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes").  
For such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event, the applicable Redemption Amount shall be increased by the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium (without double-counting of any Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium 
applied pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)). The applicable Final Terms 
shall specify whether one or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events shall apply in respect of each 
Series of Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes.  
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
after such occurrence and in no event later than the Reporting End Date relating to the Relevant Year.  
One or more of the Energy Consumption Baseline, the KPIs and the SPTs may be recalculated in good 
faith by the Issuer in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework to reflect any 
significant change in: (i) the calculation methodology of the relevant KPI(s), (ii) any regulation which is 
relevant to the determination of the relevant KPI(s); (iii) data due to better data accessibility or discovery 
of data errors, or (iv) the perimeter of the Group as a result of any acquisition, amalgamation, demerger, 
merger, corporate reconstruction, divestiture or disposal, provided that any such recalculation has been 
(a) confirmed by the relevant External Verifier in a Recalculation Assurance Report; (b) confirmed by 
the SPO Provider in an SPO Provider Statement; and (c) published by the Issuer in a SLB Progress Report 
in accordance with Condition 20A (Available Information).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
In this Condition:  
"Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium" means the aggregate of:  
(i) 
where Energy Consumption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Energy Consumption Event has occurred, the Energy Consumption Event Redemption 
Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
where Miljöbyggnad Certification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Miljöbyggnad Certification Event has occurred, the Miljöbyggnad Certification Event 
Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
where Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Neighbourhoods Safety Index Event has occurred, the Neighbourhoods Safety Index 
Event Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iv) 
where Supplier Code of Conduct Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Supplier Code of Conduct Event has occurred, the Supplier Code of Conduct Event 
Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, all capitalised terms used but not defined in this Condition 9(l) shall have the 
meanings given to them elsewhere in these Conditions.  
10. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.   
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 9(g) (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.   
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Payments – VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes shall be made to the holders shown in the 
relevant records of VPS Norway in accordance with and subject to the CSD Act and the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing VPS Norway and subject to any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(i) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection 
with the Kingdom of Sweden by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon;  
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such withholding or deduction by (i) complying (or procuring that any third party complies with) 
any statutory requirements, (ii) providing (or procuring that any third party provides) any 
certification or documentation or makes a claim under the laws or regulations of a taxing 
jurisdiction or an applicable tax treaty which are required to eliminate or reduce such withholding 
or deduction, or (iii) making (or procuring that any third party makes) a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority in the place where 
the relevant Note (or the Note Certificate representing it) or Coupon is presented for payment; 
or 
(iv) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax or any other jurisdiction or political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal or interest on the Notes 
or Coupons become generally subject to tax and references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Sweden 
shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or any 
Paying Agent be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and the 
default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes (other than the reporting and verification obligations under 
Conditions 7A (Step Up Option), 9(l) (Sustainability-Linked Redemption) and 20A (Available 
Information) and such default remains unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to 
the Issuer by any Noteholder (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee), has been delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due (within 
any originally applicable grace period); 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and payable prior 
to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the relevant Material Subsidiary 
or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled 
to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due (within any originally 
applicable grace period) any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or 
in the aggregate amounts to a least 1 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) by a court of competent jurisdiction from 
which there is no right of appeal for the payment is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 45 days after the date(s) thereof or, 
if later, the date therein specified for payment, of any amount/an aggregate amount in excess of EUR 
20,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any part 
of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given 
by it or (iv) the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the insolvent or involuntary winding up, liquidation or dissolution of any of 
its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes,  
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
VPS Trustee) to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its 
Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note (other than a VPS Note), Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or 
the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes (other than a VPS Note), Note Certificates or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
and (acting under the VPS Agency Agreement) the VPS Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent 
and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system: and 
(d) 
if and so long as VPS Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a VPS Agent authorised 
to act as an account holding institution with VPS Norway 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders (Notes other than VPS Notes): The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification 
of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, 
however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Issuer may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification (Notes other than VPS Notes): The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may 
be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or 
as a result of the operation of Condition 7(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation). In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it 
is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(c) 
VPS Notes: The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of 
VPS Notes (including meetings to be held by written (or electronic) solution for decision making) to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, by the holders of not less than 10 per cent. of 
the Voting VPS Notes or, if the VPS Notes are listed, by the relevant securities exchange/market place. 
For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of the total 
number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise discharged, less the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, 
any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive 
influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of the 
Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of 
Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented. A resolution 
passed at any meeting of the holders of VPS Notes shall be binding on all the holders, whether or not they 
are present at such meeting. 
(i) 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that in order to make the following amendments, a 
majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date (if any) of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in respect of the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(E) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(F) 
any alteration of clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the matters 
for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(G) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(H) 
a change of VPS Trustee. 
(ii) 
Save as set out in paragraph (i) above, the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the VPS 
Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions or to waive a past default or anticipated failure to 
comply with any provision in the VPS Conditions or the VPS Trustee Agreement without prior 
approval of the affected VPS Noteholder provided that (i) such amendment or waiver is not 
detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect or 
is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (ii) such amendment 
or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. The 
VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice 
obviously is unnecessary. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the 
date of mailing. 
(c) 
VPS Notes: Notices to Holders of VPS Notes shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to VPS Norway 
for communication by it to the holders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the 
Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes on the 
date of delivery of such notice by VPS Norway. 
20A. 
Available Information 
This Condition 20A applies only to Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes and Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Notes (each "Sustainability-Linked Notes"). 
In respect of each Relevant Year, the Issuer will publish on its website and in accordance with applicable 
laws: 
(i) 
a report (the "SLB Progress Report") containing (A) the then current Energy Consumption 
Baseline and the Energy Consumption Percentage for the Relevant Year; (B) the Miljöbyggnad 
Certification Percentage for the Relevant Year; (C) the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage 
for the Relevant Year; (D) the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage for the Relevant Year; (E) 
if applicable, details of any recalculation by the Issuer of the Energy Consumption Baseline, any 
KPI(s) or SPT(s) as described in Conditions 7A (Step Up Option), 9(l) (Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption), in each case as may be applicable and corresponding to the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event(s) specified in the Final Terms for any Series of outstanding Sustainability-
Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
one or more assurance report(s) issued by the External Verifier(s) (the "Assurance Report(s)") 
in respect of the Energy Consumption Percentage, the Miljöbyggnad Certification Percentage, 
the Neighbourhoods Safety Index Percentage or the Supplier Code of Conduct Percentage 
contained in the SLB Progress Report for the Relevant Year, in each case as may be applicable 
and corresponding to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for any Series of outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes; and  
(iii) 
following any recalculation of the Energy Consumption Baseline, any KPI(s) or SPT(s) by the 
Issuer in or relating to the Relevant Year, (A) an assurance report issued by the relevant External 
Verifier confirming such recalculation of the Energy Consumption Baseline, the relevant KPI(s) 
or SPT(s) (as applicable) (the "Recalculation Assurance Report") and (B) a statement issued 
by the SPO Provider confirming such recalculation of the Energy Consumption Baseline, the 
relevant KPI(s) or SPT(s) (as applicable) as being consistent with the Group’s sustainability 
strategy and in line with the initial level of ambition of the relevant SPT(s) (the "SPO Provider 
Statement"). 
The Assurance Report(s), the SLB Progress Report and (if applicable) the Recalculation Assurance 
Report(s) and SPO Provider Statement(s) relating to any Relevant Year of the Issuer will be published no 
later than the Reporting End Date relating to such Relevant Year. 
The Assurance Report(s), the SLB Progress Report and any Recalculation Assurance Report(s) and SPO 
Provider Statement(s) may be published as separate reports or included in the Issuer’s Annual Report.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any failure to comply with the provisions of this Condition 20A (Available 
Information) shall not constitute an Event of Default and shall be relevant only in respect of determining 
whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to VPS Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to VPS Norway to provide to the VPS 
Agent, upon request, information registered with VPS Norway relating to the VPS Notes and the Holders 
of the VPS Notes in order that the VPS Agent may provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, including 
the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (in Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) and the Norwegian tax 
authorities with any information required under applicable Norwegian laws. Such information shall 
include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the VPS Notes, the residency of the 
registered holder of the VPS Notes, the number of VPS Notes registered with the relevant holder, the 
address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant VPS Norway account (in 
Norwegian: kontofører investor) and whether or not the VPS Notes are registered in the name of a 
nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
23. 
Rounding 
(a) 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except that the registration of 
VPS Notes in VPS Norway as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, 
VPS Notes and Condition 18(c) (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver – VPS Notes) will 
be governed by Norwegian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 24(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other 
courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG, England, or to 
such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales 
as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018  ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market.]  Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
RIKSHEM AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900AJTHH582JP6S77 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 April 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[•] [and [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
websites of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer (https://www.rikshem.se).] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [[30 May 2017]/[15 May 2018]/[30 April 2019]/[30 
April 2020]/[30 April 2021]/[29 April 2022]/[25 April 2023]] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [13 
February 2024/[•]] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 25 April 2024.  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 25 April 2024 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] [and [•]]which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information.  The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer 
(https://www.rikshem.se).] 
The expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Rikshem AB (publ) 
 
2. 
(i)  
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] 
on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 26 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [•]]. 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)        Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)        Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6. 
(i)        Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(NB 
– 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination of EUR100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(If a Permanent Global Note is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes at the option of the 
Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable only 
in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination and integral multiples thereof)  
 
 
(ii)       Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i)        Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)       Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Subject as set out in Condition 7A and 
paragraph 16 below] 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [•] / [100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount[, subject to adjustment as 
set out in Condition 9(l) and paragraph 25 
below].  
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][, 
subject 
to 
adjustment as set out in Condition 9(l) and 
paragraph 25 below]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraphs 
[18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below] 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained]: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] /Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date[, subject as set out in 
Condition 7A and paragraph 16 below] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date / [•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
7A and paragraph 16 below,][•] per Calculation 
Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
7A and paragraph 16 below,][•] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi)       Determination Date 
[[•] in each year][Not applicable] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [•] to [•]] /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/not subject to any adjustment, or the 
Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/not subject to any adjustment, or the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Business Day Convention in (iv) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): [Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[[Fiscal 
Agent]/[•] 
(the 
"Calculation Agent")]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] [CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
  
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum[, subject as set out 
in Condition 7A and paragraph 16 below] 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
16. 
Step Up Option Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(i)  
Reference Year: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Energy Consumption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Energy Consumption 
Event 
Step-Up 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
Energy Consumption 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iii)  
Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Event 
Step-Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iv)  
Neighbourhoods Safety Index 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Neighbourhoods 
Safety Index Event 
Step-Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
Neighbourhoods 
Safety 
Index 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(v)  
Supplier Code of Conduct 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Supplier 
Code 
of 
Conduct Event Step-
Up Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
Supplier 
Code 
of 
Conduct 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]  
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Par Call Commencement Date: [•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount / Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[•]]/[in the period from and including [insert 
date 3 months prior to maturity]/[other date] to 
but excluding [date]] [and [[•] per Calculation 
Amount/Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
falling [on [•]/in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[DA Selected Bond] / [Insert applicable 
Reference Bond]  
 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
 
[(c) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(iv) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/provide details] 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]  
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•]  
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
19. 
Put Option 
 
 
 
(i)  
Redemption at the option of 
the 
Noteholder 
(Condition 
9(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
21. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
 
Clean-up 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii)      Notice Period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
9(l) and paragraph 25 below,][•] /[Par] per 
Calculation Amount 
 
23. 
Early Termination Amount 
Early Termination Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption on event of default or other 
early redemption:  
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
9(l) and paragraph 25 below,][[•] /[Par] per 
Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons: 
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
9(l) and paragraph 25 below,][[•] /[Par] per 
Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii)  
Notice period (if different from 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons)) 
[ [•]] / [Not Applicable – in line with 
Conditions] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
 
25. 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption  
Premium  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i)  
Reference Year: 
 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Energy Consumption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Energy Consumption 
Event 
Redemption 
Premium: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
• 
Energy Consumption 
Percentage Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(iii)  Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Event 
Redemption 
Premium: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
• 
Miljöbyggnad 
Certification 
Percentage Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(iv)  
Neighbourhoods Safety Index 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Neighbourhoods 
Safety Index Event 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Redemption 
Premium: 
 
• 
Neighbourhoods 
Safety 
Index 
Percentage Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
(v)  
Supplier Code of Conduct 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Supplier 
Code 
of 
Conduct 
Event 
Redemption 
Premium: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
• 
Supplier 
Code 
of 
Conduct 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice]  
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates on [•] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
 
[and 
 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] 
nominal amount)] registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
EUR199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction should not be used in relation to 
any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
[VPS Notes:] 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further 
item [6] of Part B below.] 
27. 
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest 
end dates, to which sub paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Rikshem AB (publ): 
By: 
 ..................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
30. 
 LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [•]] 
 (ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
31. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]/[the 
Notes to be issued will be unrated]: 
 
 
[[Moody's 
Investors 
Service 
(Nordics) 
AB]/[•]: [•]] 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if previously published by the 
ratings provider.]  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on [the 
ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu].]  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.]] 
32. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 [Save for the fees [of [•]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
33. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i)  
Reasons for the offer 
[•] / [The Issuer intends to apply an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from this offer of 
Notes specifically for projects and activities 
that promote climate-friendly and/or other 
environmental purposes / other "Green 
Bond" description] 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order 
of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
34. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent.  
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
35. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any) or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee: 
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this 
text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat as necessary].   
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name] [appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011]  
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
does not fall within the scope of [Regulation 
(EU) No 2016/1011 [as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) No 
2016/1011 [as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the [European 
Union/UK], recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
36. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i)  
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii)  
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(B)  
Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
[(In the case of Bearer Notes) TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable]  
 
(v)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the 
Notes 
may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(vi)   Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
 Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the 
Notes 
may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
37. 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO [GREEN BONDS / SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED 
NOTES] 
 
(i)  
[Green Bonds / Sustainability-linked 
Notes]: 
[Yes/No] 
 
[(ii)  
 Reviewer(s): 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) 
[and name of third party assurance agent] and 
[give details of compliance opinion(s) and 
availability]]] 
 
[(iii)  Date of third party opinion(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper (the "Common 
Safekeeper") for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA 
D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of 
the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then 
if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment,

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market 
participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") 
would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the 
necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes 
to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure 
is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will 
be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited 
on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will 
be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will 
at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note ", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
VPS Notes 
As set forth in the Final Terms, each Series or Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form registered in VPS Norway. Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries in the records of VPS Norway. Issues of VPS Notes will be issued with the benefit of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement. On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the VPS 
Trustee, with a copy sent to the VPS Agent. On delivery of the applicable Final Terms to VPS Norway and 
notification to VPS Norway of the subscribers and their VPS Norway account details by the Relevant Dealer, the 
VPS Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with VPS Norway with a 
nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in VPS Norway will take place in accordance 
with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will take place 
in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the "CSD Act") 
which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 ("CSDR") into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under 
the CSD Act and the rules and procedures for the time being of VPS Norway, each as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
Title to VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at VPS 
Norway in accordance with the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of VPS Norway. The holder of a VPS Note 
will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of VPS Norway. The person evidenced 
(including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes shall be treated as the holder of such VPS Notes for the 
purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VPS Notes. The expressions Noteholders and holder of 
Notes and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. Any references in the Conditions to 
Coupons, Talons, Couponholders, Bearer Notes, Certificates, Put Option Receipts, Registered Notes and Notes in 
definitive form (or, in each case, similar expressions) shall not apply to VPS Notes. 
The initial recording of VPS Notes in VPS Norway as well as the registration and transfer of ownership to, and 
other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note 
is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on 
behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. 
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions which will be appended to the back of the relevant Global Note: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective 
to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the case may be, and not by reference to the 
Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day 
which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" 
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or 
Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf 
of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or a Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is 
held.  For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above.  Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to 
be defective.  Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes.  Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement 
or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID 
or EasyWay systems or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreatingOnline or Xact Web Portal systems) in

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal 
amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding.  The Issuer shall not 
be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or 
other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes for general corporate purposes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for Green Projects as set out in the green bonds framework, published 
in February 2022, which can be viewed on the Issuer's website at https://www.rikshem.se/in-english/financial-
information/green-financing/  (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "Green Bonds 
Framework"). Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance 
with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Issuer's Green Bonds Framework which sets 
out the added environmental criteria required for such issuances. The use of proceeds categories in the framework 
are clean transportation, energy efficiency, green buildings and renewable energy. 
The process for project evaluation and selection is carried out by the ‘Green Business Council’, established by the 
Issuer, which evaluates nominated projects and ensures compliance with the Green Bonds Framework. 
Management of the proceeds of the Green Bonds is monitored by the Issuer’s treasury department and Green 
Bonds will be credited to a dedicated account or otherwise tracked by the Issuer. Pending fund disbursement to 
Green Projects, the Green Bonds Framework provides that proceeds of Green Bonds may be invested or utilised 
by the Issuer’s treasury department in accordance with the Issuer’s financial policy (including being invested in 
short-term interest bearing securities, such as Swedish treasury bills or Swedish municipal notes).  
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the green terms of 
its Green Bonds Framework. Accordingly the Green Bonds Framework may be updated from time to time to 
reflect current market practices. Any amendments to the Green Bonds Framework will also be available on the 
Issuer's website. In establishing the terms in the current Green Bonds Framework the Issuer has sought to comply 
with the Green Bond Principles 2021 and current best market practice. 
The Centre for International Climate Research ("CICERO") (a provider of independent reviews of green bonds) 
has evaluated the Green Bonds Framework and has issued a second-party opinion on the Green Bonds Framework 
(which can be viewed on the Issuer’s website at https://www.rikshem.se/in-english/financial-information/green-
financing/) confirming that these align with the Green Bond Principles 2021. The Green Bonds Second Party 
Opinion, the Green Bonds Framework and information on Green Projects are publicly available on the Issuer's 
website. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Green Bonds Framework, the Green Bonds Second Party Opinion 
and any information on the Green Projects does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will report on the use of proceeds of Green Bonds and adherence to the Green Bonds Framework as 
part of its annual financial and sustainability reporting with relevant information available on the Issuer's website. 
The report is verified by the Issuer’s external auditor. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
such opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General  
Rikshem AB (publ) is a public limited liability company (Sw: publikt aktiebolag) incorporated under the laws of 
the Kingdom of Sweden pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551) and registered 
in the Kingdom of Sweden with registration number 556709-9667. The Issuer was registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on 30 August 2006. Its registered address is at Klara Södra Kyrkogata 1, Box 307, 
101 26 Stockholm, Sweden with telephone number +46 10 70 99 200.  
Rikshem owns, develops and manages residential properties and properties for public use in Sweden. Its property 
portfolio mainly consists of residential properties. The properties for public use mainly comprise nursing homes, 
other care facilities and schools. As at 31 December 2023, Rikshem's property portfolio consisted of 512  
properties of which 69% (by market value) were residential property, 24% were nursing homes and other care 
facilities, 5% were schools and 2% were commercial areas. As at 31 December 2023, the property portfolio had 
an estimated market value of SEK 56,139 million and a lettable area of 2,245,000 square metres. The property 
portfolio generated an annual rental income of SEK 3,473 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(compared to SEK 3,169 million as at 31 December 2022).  
Ownership structure 
The Issuer's share capital, as at 31 December 2023, amounted to SEK 99,727,900. The share capital is divided 
into 997,279 shares of SEK 100 each. The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rikshem Intressenter AB. 
Rikshem Intressenter AB is a holding company jointly owned by AMF Tjänstepension AB ("AMF") (holding 50% 
of the issued share capital) and Fjärde AP-fonden, the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund ("AP4" and together 
with AMF, the "Owners") (holding the remaining 50% of the issued share capital). The rights of Rikshem 
Intressenter AB as the shareholder of the Issuer are contained in the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the 
Issuer will be managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Swedish law. 
 
AMF has SEK 790 billion (as at 31 December 2023) in assets managed for approximately 4 million customers. It 
is one of Sweden's largest pension companies and one of the largest shareholders on the Nasdaq Stockholm. AMF 
is a limited liability life insurance company that is owned equally by the Swedish Trade Union Confederation 
(LO) and the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. AMF's core business is traditional insurance, although AMF 
does also offer unit-linked assurance. Real estate represents 19% of AMF's assets under management in its 
traditional insurance business.  
AP4 is a government authority within the Swedish state and one of five buffer funds in the Swedish pension 
system. AP4's mission is, through the management of fund capital, to contribute to the stability of the pension 
system. As at 31 December 2023, AP4's total assets of SEK 486.7 billion comprise global equities (34%), Swedish 
equities (16%), global interest rates (20%), Swedish interest rates (9%), real assets (16%), and other 5%.  
The Issuer is the parent company of approximately 219 subsidiaries (2022: 219 subsidiaries), the majority of 
which are property owning companies and the remainder of which are holding companies. As at 31 December 
2023, the majority of Rikshem's 308 employees were directly employed by the Issuer. Those not employed by the 
Issuer working in the Project Development department (see "Management and Employees" below) are employed 
directly by Rikshem Fastighetsutveckling AB.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
The chart below shows a simplified ownership structure chart for the Issuer and its directly owned subsidiaries.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
History 
2010 
In July, Rikshem Intressenter AB (which was 100% owned by AP4) acquired the Issuer from Vasakronan AB 
(publ). AP4's purpose of the acquisition was to gain exposure to Sweden's residential property market through its 
ownership of the Issuer.  
2011 
In April, AMF acquired 50% of the shares in Rikshem Intressenter AB from AP4. In September the Issuer changed 
its name from Bostadsaktiebolaget Dombron to Rikshem AB. AMF's existing holdings of residential properties 
in Sweden were bought by Rikshem, so that, going forward, Rikshem's property portfolio would constitute AMF's 
primary exposure to directly owned residential property in Sweden. During 2011, the Issuer's strategy of investing 
only in residential assets was changed to include investments in properties for public use.  
2012 
In May, the Issuer became a public limited liability company. During 2012, the Issuer started its first major 
residential refurbishment programme.  
2013 
The Issuer received its first credit rating from S&P which was A-. 
2014  
In February, the Issuer issued its first bond under its domestic MTN programme listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm. 
The Issuer issued its first green bond under its Green Bonds Framework in May. The Issuer also completed its 
first new construction project of residential housing, constituting 51 apartments in Knivsta, north of Stockholm. 
2016 
In June, the Issuer issued its first bond (NOK 700 million) in the Norwegian capital market.  
2017 
In June, the Issuer issued its first bond under its EMTN programme listed on Euronext Dublin.  
2020 
320 
Rikshem 
Samhold AB 
556856-2929 
 
 
(Mainly 
properties for 
public use 
subsidiaries) 
760 
Rikshem 
Fastighets – 
utveckling AB 
556912-1493 
 
(New 
construction/ 
project 
development 
staff 
employment 
company) 
310 
Rikshem 
Bostäder 
Holding AB 
556856-2911 
 
(Mainly 
residential 
property) 
Original 
property- 
owning 
subsidiaries 
330 
Rikshem 
JV Holding AB 
559015-8928 
 
(Mainly 
Rikshem's joint 
venture 
interests) 
Operating 
subsidiaries 
Operating 
subsidiaries 
Operating 
subsidiaries 
753 
Rikshem AB (publ) 
556709-9667

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
In February, the Issuer's owners updated Rikshem's financial targets and established a dividend policy. In August, 
the Issuer received a credit rating of A3 from Moody´s, and in September, the Issuer decided to end its rating by 
S&P Global.  
2021 
In June, the Issuer issued its first 20-year bond, denominated in Australian dollars. 
2022  
Rikshem was established in Lund following an acquisition of development properties in the Västerbro 
neighbourhood. The construction of the first building in the area, containing 210 apartments, was started during 
the year. 
2023 
In December, Moody's reconfirmed the issuers credit rating A3 with stable outlook. In the same month, Rikshem 
issued its first bond denominated in Japanese yen. 
2024 
Rikshem launched its Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework. In March, the Issuer's owners updated Rikshem's 
financial targets. 
The following chart shows the historic development of Rikshem's property portfolio from 2011 to 2023 (inclusive). 
 
 
Business Strategy  
Rikshem's main operations consist of the ownership, development and management of residential properties and 
properties for public use. Rikshem's strategy is to own and invest in properties in Swedish cities with a growing 
population and a growing economy. In locations where it owns properties, Rikshem aims to establish a long-term 
relationship with the local municipality. Rikshem's portfolio of properties for public use mainly comprises nursing 
homes, other care facilities and schools where the operation in these properties is, directly or indirectly, financed 
by the public sector.  
Property management involves managing tenants, lettings, property care-taking, services and maintenance. 
Rikshem predominately manages its properties in-house through its local property management department and 
aims to do so in a cost effective manner. Rikshem continues to refine its property portfolio through selective 
acquisitions as well as divestments of properties that are not considered suitable for the portfolio in the long term. 
The company has also intensified its project development work within existing properties.  
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
70,000
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Number of properties
Market value (SEK million)
Market value of property portfolio (SEK million)
Number of properties

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Property development involves new construction as well as refurbishment and expansion of existing properties. 
In 2023 the total investment in property development was SEK 1,918 million (2022: SEK 2,460 million), of which 
SEK 946 million (2022: SEK 1,025 million) was allocated to refurbishment work.   
Property development 
During the last five years, Rikshem has on average made investments corresponding to around 3% of total assets 
per annum. Investments in residential properties consist of either different types of refurbishment projects to 
upgrade ageing buildings or the construction of new residential buildings. Refurbishment projects mainly focus 
on those properties in the portfolio that were constructed during the 1960s and 1970s. Prior to commencing any 
such refurbishment projects, an agreement has normally hitherto been secured in each case with the local tenant 
association in respect of required increases to rent levels, although going forward this may not necessarily be the 
case. Rent increases are generally in the region of 20% to 50%. The combination of the increased income from 
higher rent levels and lower operating costs resulting from improved building efficiencies, generate the return on 
invested capital. In the current environment with higher interest rates, focus has shifted from new construction to 
refurbishments and energy investments. 
The majority of newly constructed residential properties consist of apartments to let. These properties are built in 
order to increase Rikshem's property portfolio and have until now been retained by Rikshem. New buildings are 
often erected adjacent to existing buildings owned by Rikshem which can have the positive side effect of 
increasing the value and attractiveness of its existing buildings. Due to a shortage of supply of residential 
properties in Sweden, the letting or sale of newly constructed residential properties has historically been swift. 
Investment in the portfolio in respect of public use properties typically consists of a combination of new 
construction, refurbishment and the extension of properties. Hitherto such investments have involved the relevant 
tenant (often a municipality) contractually committing to continue to rent the property for a future period under a 
new long lease at a rental level that supports the relevant development project. 
Obtaining additional development rights in respect of Rikshem's existing property stock is an important 
prerequisite for future construction projects and also has the effect of increasing the value of properties to which 
such rights relate. To enhance the likelihood of obtaining additional development rights, Rikshem regularly 
approaches municipalities with planning proposals involving extensive independent input that consider both the 
municipality's and Rikshem's interests alike. Through renovating its properties, Rikshem also improves the energy 
efficiency of its buildings, reducing energy consumption and detrimental environmental effects (see 
"Sustainability and social initiatives" below).  
Total investments for 2023 amounted to SEK 1,918 million (2022: SEK 2,460 million)  comprising SEK 946 
million (2022: SEK 1,025 million) related to redevelopment and renovation, SEK 725 million (2022: SEK 1,272 
million) related to new construction projects and SEK 247 million (2022: SEK 163 million) related to energy 
projects.  
Transaction activity 
When the Issuer was acquired in 2010, it was given a clear mandate from AP4 to pursue a strategy of growth 
through property acquisitions. Since 2011, Rikshem has continued to make property acquisitions each year (as 
shown in the graph below). While Rikshem continues to pursue a strategy of growth through property acquisitions, 
increased competition in the transaction market for residential properties and properties for public use has resulted 
in a slower pace of growth since 2017. Instead, focus has turned to new construction and project development 
within existing properties. Alongside the active acquisition strategy, Rikshem makes selected divestments from 
time to time of, inter alia, non-core assets in the property portfolio.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Financing and capital structure  
The Issuer is financed with both shareholders' equity and external debt. The Issuer's external borrowing includes 
both bank facilities and capital markets funding. As at 31 December 2023 external financing amounted to SEK 
29,422 million (2022: SEK 29,021 million) and comprised secured bank loans, liabilities to the European 
Investment Bank, unsecured bonds and commercial paper (see graph below).   
 
At the beginning of 2012 secured bank loans constituted 100% of the Issuer's external financing, but over time 
the use of secured bank financing has decreased, and as at 31 December 2023 it constitutes 19% of the loan 
portfolio. In regard to the other liabilities, commercial paper constitutes 9%, bonds (denominated in SEK, NOK, 
EUR, AUD and JPY) constitute 68%, and 'other' represents 4% of the loan portfolio as at 31 December 2023.   
The following graph sets out Rikshem's ratio of secured debt in relation to property value ("Loan-to-value ratio, 
secured loans") as at 31 December for each of the years between 2013 and 2023. As at 31 December 2023, 70.1% 
of Rikshem's property portfolio was unencumbered.  
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Transaction volume per year (SEK million)
Aquisitions
Sales
0
5
10
15
20
25
2015
Q2
2015
Q4
2016
Q2
2016
Q4
2017
Q2
2017
Q4
2018
Q2
2018
Q4
2019
Q2
2019
Q4
2020
Q2
2020
Q4
2021
Q2
2021
Q4
2022
Q2
2022
Q4
2023
Q2
2023
Q4
Financing (SEK billion)
Bank loans
Commercial paper
Bonds
Other

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Shareholders' equity amounted to SEK 25,164 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: SEK 29,085 million), 
equivalent to an equity/assets ratio of 41% (2022: 45%). The Owners have to date injected additional equity, 
whenever needed, to maintain the desired equity/assets ratio level. In February 2020 when the Owners updated 
the Issuer's financial targets the new equity/assets ratio target was set at 35% (see “Equity/Asset ratio” chart, 
below).  
In the Issuer's original financing strategy the capital from the Owners was one-third equity and two-thirds 
subordinated shareholders' loans. In 2015, this strategy was replaced by an all equity strategy and the shareholders' 
loans were repaid with an equivalent amount (SEK 3,433 million) of new equity.  
The Owners provide liquidity support to the Issuer through a backup loan facility for general corporate purposes 
in the amount of SEK 10 billion with AMF and AP4 each contributing 50%. The loan facility agreement was 
renegotiated in 2023 adjusting the cancellation period to 24 months running (two years evergreen). 
The following graph sets out the amount of capital provided to the Issuer by the Owners between 2012 and 2023 
(inclusive).  
 
In February 2020 the Owners updated the Issuer's financial targets, pursuant to which the interest-coverage ratio 
shall not be below 2.2:1. As at 31 December 2023, the interest coverage ratio was 2.6 (2022: 3.5). In order to limit 
volatility in interest costs the Issuer uses interest rate derivatives for hedging purposes. In addition, the Issuer's 
updated financial targets set during the first quarter of 2024 now state that the Loan-to-value ratio shall not exceed 
55%, with the long-term ambition to not exceed 50%, and the interest coverage ratio shall be at least 2.5 times. A 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Per cent.
Loan-to-value ratio, secured loans
 -
  100
  200
  300
  400
  500
  600
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Capital injected by the Owners (SEK million)

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
new financial target was also set which stipulates that net debt-to-EBITDA should be lower than 16 in the long 
term. As at 31 December 2023, the net debt-to-EBITDA figure was 15.7.  
In conjunction with the amendments to the financial targets, the Owners also established a dividend policy for the 
Issuer which provides that on the basis the Issuer's financial targets are met, the Owners may choose to call for an 
annual dividend amounting to a maximum of 50% of the prior financial year's cash flow from operating activities.  
The following charts set out the Issuer's key financial ratios for 2013 – 2023 (inclusive).  
 
 
 
 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Loan-to-value, ratio
Loan-to-value ratio, per cent.
Maximum Threshold level
2.1
2.8
3.6
3.8
3.5
3.2
3.5
3.7
3.6
3.5
2.6
0
0.5
1
1.5
2
2.5
3
3.5
4
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Interest Coverage Ratio
Interest Coverage Ratio
Minimum Threshold level

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Since February 2020 the minimum threshold level for equity/assets ratio is 35%. 
The Issuer originally pursued a financing strategy focused on short term debt, with all its bank facilities being for 
a maximum duration of 12 months. The rationale was that the Issuer should not incur the higher interest costs 
associated with long term borrowing given the Issuer's belief that the Owners had the ability to refinance any bank 
loans maturing which were not otherwise externally refinanced. The ratio of short term debt to long term debt has 
since decreased primarily due to Rikshem's desire to maintain its A3 rating from Moody's. The Issuer's long term 
target, adopted in May 2017, is for short term net debt to comprise less than 35% of total debt (such ratio, "Share 
of short term net debt").  
The following graph sets out the Issuer's Share of short term net debt for 2013 – 2023. 
 
33
30
30
33
36
37
39
41
46
45
41
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Equity-to-Asset Ratio
Equity/assets ratio, per cent.
Minimum Threshold level
81%
64%
57%
45%
30%
15%
25%
21%
25%
19%
21%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Share of short term net debt

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
In order to mitigate the refinancing risk of short term debt, the Issuer aims to have loan back-up facilities equal to 
at least 115% of the Share of short term net debt. As at 31 December 2023, this was 213% (2022: 202%).  
During 2022 the Issuer had an average debt duration of 3.7 years; in 2023 it was also 3.7 years. When taking into 
account the capital duration for unused credit facilities, the average capital duration during 2023 was 4.1 years. 
The following chart sets out the complete maturity profile of the Issuer's outstanding debt as at 31 December 2023.  
 
Sustainability and Social Initiatives 
Rikshem believes that property management must be long-term and sustainable and that a strategy with long-term 
management plans creates the right conditions to ensure the quality of operations over time. Rikshem develops its 
existing properties sustainably and for the long term through comprehensive renovations and constructs new 
residential properties and properties for public use with a focus on longevity and sustainability. For example, 
when constructing new residential properties Rikshem works with industrial construction in wood when suitable, 
which is both environmentally and financially advantageous. Similarly, using environmentally certified electricity, 
which is largely carbon neutral, residential properties with smaller carbon footprints can be created. Rikshem has 
adopted a policy to environmentally certify certain newly constructed buildings to the standard of Miljöbyggnad 
Silver through the Miljöbyggnad certification system for sustainable buildings in Sweden, which is developed by 
the Sweden Green Building Council. The residential properties in Rikshem's portfolio are improved to meet both 
the appropriate market standard as well as the specifications required by tenants in order to ensure that rental 
apartments remain an attractive form of housing. Properties for public use must meet the needs and demands of 
both residents and personnel. Rikshem issued its first green bond in 2014. The Green Bonds Framework has 
frequently been updated in order to better reflect Rikshem's work and progress as well as to align with current 
market standards and best practice. As at 31 December 2023, Rikshem has in aggregate SEK 8.4 billion green 
bonds outstanding under its Green Bonds Framework. See "Use of Proceeds" above, for further information about 
Rikshem's Green Bonds Framework. 
 
As a long-term property owner, Rikshem can contribute to sustainable communities by designing and developing 
residential areas that have a physical environment where people feel safe and want to stay. Every year Rikshem 
measures how its tenants experience the feeling of safety and comfort in their neighbourhood as a base for making 
improvements.  
Rikshem is also involved in a number of social initiatives. To support the local community, Rikshem works with 
both the municipality and non-profit associations. This is done with, and via, for instance, Läxhjälpen (assisting 
students with free homework assistance), summer jobs (over 1,200 young people have held jobs since the project 
launched in 2012), social-housing initiative (municipalities are able to rent apartments directly from Rikshem) 
and other local initiatives.  
Rikshem's Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework was launched in February 2024 and will enable credit investors 
to support Rikshem's KPIs in the areas of security in the living environment, sustainable supply chains and targets 
for energy efficiency in existing portfolios and new construction. The framework is based on the ICMA's 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles and has been reviewed by the independent second party opinion provider, 
Sustainalytics. Rikshem issued its inaugural Sustainability-Linked Note in February 2024. 
6.9
5.0
4.1
3.0
2.6
1.6
1.7
0.8
0.7
3.0
>1 year
 1 - 2
 2 - 3
 3 - 4
 4 - 5
 5 - 6
 6 - 7
 7 - 8
 8 - 9
>9
SEK billion
Debt Maturity Profile (SEK)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Selected Financial Information  
The following table is a summary of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of 
the Issuer for the years ending 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (on an audited basis): 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income  
Amounts in SEK million 
For the year ended 
31 December 2023 
For the year ended 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Rental income 
3,473 
3,169 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
-884 
-873 
Maintenance 
-342 
-266 
Administration 
-240 
-222 
Property tax 
-47 
-48 
Total property expenses 
-1,513 
-1,409 
 
 
 
Net operating income 
1,960 
1,760 
 
 
 
Central administration 
-172 
-156 
Earnings from shares in joint ventures 
-303 
-91 
Interest income 
35 
5 
Interest expenses 
-662 
-450 
Income from management operations 
858 
1,068 
 
 
 
Change in value of investment properties 
-4,776 
-1,935 
Change in value of interest-rate derivatives 
-875 
1,780 
Change in value of foreign exchange derivatives 
-356 
-129 
Foreign exchange effects on financial liabilities 
365 
-465 
Profit before income tax 
-4,784 
319 
 
 
 
Tax 
863 
-91 
Profit for the year 
-3,921 
228 
 
 
 
Other 
comprehensive 
income 
not 
for 
reclassification 
 
 
Revaluation of pensions 
- 
3 
Tax, pensions 
- 
-1 
Other comprehensive income for the year net 
after tax 
- 
2 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
-3,921 
230 
 
 
 
Comprehensive income is attributable to the parent 
company's shareholders  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Amounts in SEK million 
31 December  
2023 
31 December  
2022 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Intangible fixed assets 
 
 
Capitalised development expenditures 
21 
15

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Investment properties 
56,139 
59,423 
Leaseholds and other right-of-use assets 
175 
177 
Equipment 
5 
6 
Participations in joint ventures 
1,624 
2,088 
Derivative instruments 
1,053 
2,142 
Non-current receivables 
196 
62 
Total non-current assets 
59,213 
63,913 
 
 
 
Current assets 
 
 
Current receivables 
 
 
Accounts receivable 
33 
28 
Financial derivative instruments 
223 
- 
Other receivables 
651 
116 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
75 
82 
Total current receivables 
982 
226 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank balances 
 
766 
   
783 
Total current assets 
1,748 
1,009 
TOTAL ASSETS 
60,961 
64,922 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
100 
100 
Other contributed capital 
4,874 
4,874 
Retained earnings 
20,190 
24,111 
Total equity 
25, 164 
29,085 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Deferred tax liability 
4,232 
5,189 
Interest bearing liabilities 
22,398 
22,441 
Liability parent company 
145 
145 
Derivative instruments 
762 
432 
Non-current liabilities, finance leases 
150 
151 
Other provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
1 
1 
Total non-current liabilities 
27,688 
28,359 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Interest bearing liabilities 
6,879 
6,435 
Trade accounts payable 
155 
122 
Tax liabilities 
151 
57 
Current liabilities, finance leases 
21 
22 
Financial derivative instruments 
34 
- 
Other current liabilities 
49 
65 
Accrued expenses and deferred income 
820 
777 
Total current liabilities 
8,109 
7,478 
Total liabilities 
35,797 
35,837 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
60,961 
64,922

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Overview of the Swedish market for housing and properties for public use 
Macro- and microeconomic influences in the Swedish property market 
During 2023, interest rates continued to increase which caused yield requirements to rise and property values to 
fall. The European Commission's Winter 2024 economic forecast for Sweden2 states that the Swedish economy 
is estimated to have contracted by 0.1% in 2023, mainly due to lower private consumption and housing 
construction. Nominal wage growth below inflation, coupled with high household indebtedness and increased 
interest rate expenses, eroded real disposable incomes. A sharp drop in housing investment also contributed to the 
contraction in domestic demand. Exports, especially of services, supported the economy, reflecting strong 
competitiveness. 
According to the same report, economic growth is projected to remain sluggish at the beginning of 2024 and to 
pick up in the second half of the year. This is expected to be primarily driven by an assumed increase in household 
consumption, as the combination of falling inflation and lower interest rates supports households’ purchasing 
power. The drag from gross fixed capital formation is expected to fade out as the decline in housing construction 
moderates, while business investment is set to remain resilient. Net exports are expected to moderate, reflecting 
the recovery in domestic demand. Overall, real GDP growth is projected to reach a modest 0.2% in 2024, revised 
up compared to the European Commission's autumn forecast. 
The European Commission's economic forecast projects that moderate inflation, good corporate margins, and a 
relatively resilient labour market will support economic growth in 2025. Falling interest rates should support 
investment. However, the strength of the upswing in the economy is expected to be limited by weak residential 
construction and the gradual adjustment of household balance sheets and spending to changes in financial 
conditions. All in all, real GDP growth is forecast to reach 1.6% in 2025, revised up compared to the European 
Commission's autumn forecast. 
The Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices ("HICP") inflation fell rapidly during 2023 as base effects and the 
easing of supply bottlenecks outweighed the lagged pass-through of the weaker effective exchange rate. Energy 
prices for households and corporates are expected to decline sharply in the first part of 2024, mirroring lower 
global energy prices, changes in energy taxation and lower requirements for the blending of biofuels in petrol and 
diesel. Domestic wage and price pressures are set to remain contained over the forecast horizon. Inflation 
excluding energy, however, is set to recede relatively slowly in view of persistent price increases for certain 
services such as for hotels and restaurants. With moderate inflation expectations and the cyclical weakness in 
demand, consumer price increases are expected to remain limited. Overall, HICP inflation is forecast by the 
European Commission to be 1.7% in 2024, broadly unchanged from the European Commission's autumn forecast. 
Inflation is expected to reach 1.9 % in 2025, less than expected in the European Commission's autumn forecast. 
 
 The residential property market in Sweden  
 
Residential property rent levels are subject to regulatory restrictions in Sweden, which limits the ability for 
Rikshem to increase the rent payable by tenants. Rents in Sweden are negotiated annually between the landlord 
and the Swedish Tenants' Association in accordance with the system of "utility value" (Sw: Bruksvärdessystemet), 
which is the form of rent control in Sweden. This system implies that rent levels should be proportionate to the 
quality and standard of the property in question and can only be increased to a level that is in line with the rent 
that is charged on other comparable residential units. Over time, rent increases have correlated well with the 
consumer price index but with a lag of up to three years. High inflation during 2022 and most of 2023 has therefore 
not yet been fully reflected in rents. Rent control, which has been in place since the 1940s, has resulted in rent 
levels not being set at the market level. Although rent control currently leaves rent levels below where they could 
be, it ensures that vacancies are very low as demand exceeds supply. As a result, the Issuer considers its income 
stream to have a high level of predictability. In more attractive residential areas, rent control has depressed the 
value of properties with rental apartments compared to ownership apartments.  
 
 
 
2
 European 
Commission’s 
Winter 
2024 
Economic 
Forecast, 
https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-
economies/sweden/economic-forecast-sweden_en

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
The growing population combined with urbanisation and current rate of housing construction creates an imbalance 
between demand and supply, which has resulted in a shortage of housing in many cities.   
 
The market for public use property in Sweden  
 
Demand for community services, and therefore demand for properties for public use, is expected to increase 
because of the demographic trends of an ageing and growing population. Within community services, private 
sector alternatives are steadily increasing, with the consequence that the construction of new properties for private 
sector alternatives is increasingly being carried out by parties other than the Government, municipalities or county 
councils. It is therefore likely that Sweden's stock of privately-owned properties for public use will continue to 
grow in the long-term. In addition, there is a substantial need for further development of school premises and 
nursing homes in Sweden and a strong trend towards urbanisation. The rental market for properties for public use 
is characterised by long leases, creditworthy tenants and low volatility as regards to rent levels and limited risk of 
vacancy.  
 
Property portfolio 
Rikshem owns properties throughout Sweden. 47% (by market value) of these properties are in the Stockholm 
region and Uppsala. As at 31 December 2023, Rikshem managed a portfolio of 512 properties valued at SEK 56.1 
billion, comprising 2,245,000 square meters of lettable space and 29,650 apartments.  
The following diagram shows how the market value of Rikshem's investment properties is geographically 
distributed in Sweden.  
 
We are also 
active in: 
 
Kalmar 5% 
Halmstad 5% 
Luleå 5% 
Umeå 5% 
Östersund 4% 
Malmö 4% 
Uppsala 27% 
Greater 
Stockholm 20% 
Helsingborg 10% 
Norrköping 10% 
Västerås 6%

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Rikshem operates through two business segments, residential properties (the "Residential Properties Segment") 
and properties for public use (the "Properties for Public Use Segment") (each a "Business Segment"). While 
the ratio between each Business Segment varies over time, the stated objective of the Owners is that residential 
properties shall constitute not less than 50% of the total property portfolio by market value.  
Rikshem's property portfolio is divided into four categories of property (each a "Property Category"): residential 
(making up approximately 69% of the property portfolio (by market value as at 31 December 2023); nursing 
homes and other care facilities (approximately 24%); schools (approximately 5%) and commercial (approximately 
2%).  
 
The Properties for Public Use Segment includes principally the following Property Categories: nursing homes and 
other care facilities and schools. The Residential Properties Segment includes principally the residential Property 
Category. The commercial Property Category, which constituted only 2% of the portfolio as at 31 December 2023, 
is split between each Business Segment and consists mainly of commercial premises for neighbourhood services. 
The composition of Rikshem's portfolio which focuses on rental housing properties and properties for public use 
means that Rikshem has relatively limited exposure to the commercial properties.  
According to company policy, the valuation of the property portfolio is determined through external valuations 
carried out by CBRE and Savills. A minor part of the valuations have been determined internally, mainly regarding 
properties with large ongoing or forthcoming projects. The valuations follow established valuation principles with 
cash flow analysis for individual properties that take into account earnings capacity and market conditions in 
respect of each property. The deviation between internal and external valuations for the year ended 31 December 
2023 was 0.9% which is well within the deviation interval of plus or minus 5%. 
The following table sets out Rikshem's exit yield in respect of each Property Category. From 2023, the average 
yield requirement is calculated based on a like-for-like portfolio. The previous calculation method, based on the 
total portfolio, produced a result of 3.90% as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Exit yield as at 
 
Property Category 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Change in 
exit yield 
(percentage points) 
Residential 
4.36% 
3.73% 
0.63  
Nursing 
homes/other 
care 
facilities 
4.60% 
4.16% 
0.44  
Schools 
4.86% 
4.43% 
0.43  
Commercial 
6.59% 
5.81% 
0.78  
Nursing 
homes/other 
care facilities
24%
Schools 
5%
Commercial
2%
Residential
69%
Market value per Property Category, 31 December 2023

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
TOTAL 
4.49% 
3.93% 
0.57  
The exit yield for the entire portfolio increased during 2023 by 0.57 percentage points as property values fell. 
The leases in the property portfolio are divided into residential leases, public sector leases and private sector leases. 
The following chart sets out the percentage distribution of rental income across the property portfolio between 
these lease types as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Residential leases in its Residential Properties Segment provide Rikshem's principal source of rental income. The 
vacancy level for residential leases remains fairly consistent from year to year at approximately 0.5-1.5% (1.0% 
as at 31 December 2023), excluding apartments that Rikshem keeps vacant due to refurbishment projects. While 
Rikshem's tenants have the right to terminate their residential lease with 3 months' notice, vacated leases are 
typically re-let without any vacancy period as the demand for residential leases generally outstrips supply. 
Residential leases are subject to rent control (see "Overview of the Swedish market for housing and properties for 
public use - The residential property market in Sweden" above).  
The rental income from properties owned by Rikshem for a whole calendar year has historically increased between 
1 January and 31 December in each year. The following graph shows such annual rental income growth in each 
year across Rikshem's property portfolio from 2013 to 2023 (inclusive). 
 
The properties in the Properties for Public Use Segment are predominately let to municipalities on long term 
leases. The weighted average lease length for public sector tenants in this Business Segment was 7.3 years as at 
Residential 
properties
70%
Properties for 
public use
30%
Distribution of rental income for investment 
properties 
0.0%
1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%
5.0%
6.0%
7.0%
8.0%
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Percentage increase in rental income from existing 
properties

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
31 December 2023. Rents under such leases are typically increased by 70-100% of the Swedish Consumer Price 
Index annually.  
As at 31 December 2023 the total weighted average lease length for private and public sector tenants in Rikshem's 
entire portfolio was 6.9 years. 
The following table sets out the current lease duration of Rikshem's public sector leases and private sector leases 
in the Properties for Public Use Segment as at 31 December 2023: 
Remaining lease term, years 
% 
0 – 5 
40 
6 – 10 
29 
11 – 15 
22 
16 – 20 
7 
20 - 
2 
The table below sets out Rikshem's five largest tenants by rental income received for the year ended 31 December 
2023.  
Tenant 
% of total annual rental 
income 
City of Uppsala (municipality) 
5 
Nacka municipality 
4 
Sigtuna municipality 
3 
Kalmar municipality 
3 
Västerås municipality 
2

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
The following table sets out a breakdown of Rikshem's property portfolio as at 31 December 2023 per Business 
Segment, Property Category and lease type. 
 
 
Type 
Value, 
SEKm 
Perce
ntage 
Area, 
1,000 
sqm 
Market 
value, 
SEK/sqm 
Annual 
rent, 
SEKm 
Annual rent broken down by type of 
tenant (percentage) 
Residential properties segment 
Residential 
leases 
Public 
sector 
Private 
sector 
Total 
- Residential 
properties 
38,495 
69 
1,592 
24,177 
 
 
- Commercial* 
666 
1 
33 
19,969 
 
 
- Schools 
52 
0 
1 
46,457 
 
 
 Residential 
properties 
 
 
39,212 
70 
1,627 
24,106 
2,409 
89 
3 
8 
100 
Properties for public use segment  
 
- Nursing homes 
13,714 
24 
479 
28,643 
 
 
- Schools 
3,019 
5 
120 
25,203 
 
 
- Commercial* 
193 
0 
20 
9,865 
 
 
Properties for 
public use 
16,926 
30 
618 
27,382 
1,074 
7 
83 
10 
100 
Total 
56,139 
100 
2,245 
25,008 
3,483 
64 
27 
9 
100 
* Commercial premises for neighbourhood services or areas of use for future residential properties or properties for public use 
Joint Ventures 
Rikshem has 49-50% equity in each of four joint ventures as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2023, the 
joint ventures in aggregate were valued at SEK 1.6 billion which equals 2.7% of the Issuer's total assets. In addition 
to Rikshem's equity holdings in the joint ventures, Rikshem has lent SEK 46 million to these joint ventures. 
As at 31 December 2023, Rikshem’s largest joint venture by market value is VärmdöBostäder AB. The property 
portfolio of VärmdöBostäder AB has a market value of SEK 3,446 million as at 31 December 2023 and the Issuer 
owns 49% of the shares in VärmdöBostäder AB. This equity stake is valued at SEK 3,515 million with the 
remaining 51% of the shares in VärmdöBostäder AB owned by Värmdö Municipality.  
Operating and maintenance costs 
Rikshem is responsible for all operating and maintenance costs, including heating and electricity, in respect of its 
residential properties. If Rikshem improves the standard of an apartment through maintenance upgrade work, it is 
usually allowed to increase the rent. 
In respect of the properties for public use, the party responsible for operations and maintenance costs will vary on 
a property by property basis subject to negotiation with tenants. For certain properties for public use within the 
Rikshem portfolio the tenants bear the majority of the operating costs. 
Management and Employees 
The following chart shows the current management structure of the Issuer:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, Rikshem had a total of 308 employees. The Issuer's headquarters are located in 
Stockholm, but Property Management has a local presence in all of the Issuer's locations in Sweden.  
Human Resources is, among other roles, responsible for payroll administration, staff training and development 
and recruitment support. The Legal team is responsible for the legal management of transactions, legal matters in 
the day-to-day operations and financing agreements and legal disputes. The Head of Legal is also the secretary to 
the Board of Directors. The Communications team is responsible for external and internal communication, 
marketing and branding. 
The CFO manages and has overall responsibility for the Accounting, Controlling and Finance functions. The 
Accounting department is responsible for financial reporting, accounting matters, rental administration, invoice 
processing and tax returns. Working alongside the Accounting department is the Controlling department, which 
has responsibility for forecasting and budgeting. The Finance department has responsibility for managing the 
Issuer's financial transactions and risks. The department is tasked with managing existing debt, supplying new 
borrowing for acquisitions and investments, ensuring efficient liquidity management, and limiting financial risks.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023 property management was divided into two segments, the Residential  
Properties Segment and the Properties for Public Use Segment. Each segment has its own local business units 
with a strategy to be a property management organisation with local presence. Local property management, in 
most cities, also includes the provision of maintenance services. Certain regional management functions including 
procurement, energy usage, quality control and sustainability are subject to central management oversight. The 
Head of Portfolio Strategy and Transactions manages and has overall responsibility for the transaction function. 
The Transactions department is responsible for acquisitions and divestments of properties. To ensure overall 
effectiveness and efficient knowledge transfer, transactions are mostly conducted by the Transactions department 
Anette Frumerie 
CEO
Head of Human Resources 
Maria André Ahlgren
CFO
Anders Lilja
Head of Communications
Jennie Wolmestad
Head of Legal
Carl Conradi
Head of Property Management 
Residential, North
Johan Brändström
Head of Property Management 
Residential, Mälardalen
Linda Forsell
Head of Property Management 
Public Use
Catrin Viksten
Head of Operations Development
Sandra Isberg
Head of Commercial Affairs
Petter Jurdell
Head of Portfolio Strategy and 
Transactions
Andra Cedwall
Head of Project Development
Elin Sjöstrand

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
with support from other relevant departments of the Issuer. External advisors are engaged for technical due 
diligence, taxation issues and legal issues. The Project Development department is responsible for renovation and 
refurbishment projects, reconstruction and extension projects and new construction projects. It is also responsible 
for acquiring building rights where possible within the property portfolio. 
The Head of Operations Development has responsibility for the IT and Digitalisation function, Sustainability, and 
Purchase department. The Sustainability department is focusing on the company's sustainable economic, social 
and ecological development and the ambition to minimise the negative environmental impact of Rikshem's 
operations. The IT and Digitalisation function deals with the implementation and maintenance of the necessary 
IT systems and support functions covering both hardware and software and management of third party providers.  
Board of Directors and Senior Management  
The Board of Directors is elected at the annual general meeting of the shareholders and according to the Issuer's 
Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall consist of three to ten members. The Board of Directors 
currently consists of seven members. The business address of the Board of Directors and senior management is 
Klara Södra Kyrkogata 1, Box 307, 101 26 Stockholm, Sweden, with phone number +46 10 70 99 200.  
The members of the Issuer's Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Elected 
Kerstin 
Lindberg 
Gӧransson 
(Chairman) 
Board assignments in Sveaskog, Sophiahemmet, 
Örebro Universitet and fellow of the IVA (Royal 
Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  
2023 
Pernilla Arnrud Melin 
Responsible for real estate investments at AMF. 
Board assignments in Antilooppi Management Oy, 
Antilooppi GP OY Mercada Oy and Delcore 
Fastigheter 
2018 
Siv Malmgren 
Board assignments in Borudan Ett, 
Specialfastigheter and Gatun Arkitekter 
2022 
Zdravko Markovski 
Board assignment in Besqab  
2022 
Frida Olsson 
Portfolio Manager at AP4. Board assignment in 
Svenska Handelsfastigheter 
2023 
Per-Gunnar Persson 
Board assignments in John Mattson, Diös 
Fastigheter, Arise, Borudan Ett, 
Chalmersfastigheter, Svenska Sportpublikationer 
and BRIS 
2016 
Peter Strand 
Head of Transactions at Swedish Logistic 
Property. Board assignments in Swedish Logistic 
Property Diös Fastigheter, Doxa and Brainlit  
2021 
The current members of the Issuer's senior management are as follows:  
Name 
Position and activities outside the Issuer 
Employed since 
Anette Frumerie 
CEO. Board assignments in Lindab and Bonava 
2020 
Maria André Ahlgren 
Head of Human Resources 
2022 
Johan Brändström 
Head of Property Management Residential North 
2019 
Andrea Cedwall 
Head of Portfolio Strategy & Transaction 
2020 
Carl Conradi 
Head of Legal  
2010 
Linda Forsell 
Head of Property Management Residential 
Mälardalen 
2018 
Sandra Isberg 
Head of Operations Development 
2021

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Petter Jurdell 
Head of JV 
2017 
Anders Lilja 
CFO 
2018 
Elin Sjöstrand  
Head of Project Development 
2018 
Catrin Viksten 
Head of Property Management Public Use 
2022 
Jennie Wolmestad 
Head of Communications 
2015 
 
Conflicts of interests 
Other than as stated below, no member of the Board of Directors or senior management has any private interests 
or other duties that might conflict with the Issuer's interests. 
Pernilla Arnrud Melin is responsible for real estate investments at AMF and is a member of the board of directors 
of Antilooppi Management Oy, Antilooppi GP Oy, Mercada Oy and Delcore Fastigheter. Kerstin Lindberg 
Gӧransson is Chairman of Sveaskog. Frida Olsson is Portfolio Manager at AP4 and a member of the board of 
directors of Svenska Handelsfastigheter. Siv Malmgren is Chairman of Borudan Ett and of Gatun Arkitekter and 
a member of the board of directors of Specialfastigheter. Zdravko Markovski is a member of the board of directors 
of Besqab. Per-Gunnar Persson is a member of the board of directors of Borudan Ett, John Mattson, 
Chalmersfastigheter and Diös Fastigheter. Peter Strand is Head of Transactions at Swedish Logistic Property and 
a member of the board of directors of Swedish Logistic Property Diös Fastigheter and Doxa. Anette Frumerie is 
a member of the board of directors of Bonava. The aforementioned companies operate in the Swedish property 
sector and situations may arise where the aforementioned companies' interests conflict with the Issuer's interests. 
Rikshem has a policy in place that requires its Directors and employees to disclose conflicts of interest and 
prevents them from participating in decisions concerning matters where conflicts of interest may arise.  
Insurance 
The Issuer's management believes that its property risks are appropriately covered by insurance, which is in 
accordance with industry practice. The Issuer has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business 
interruption and liability for damages.  
Credit rating 
Since August 2020 Rikshem has an A3 rating from Moody's. Moody's reaffirmed Rikshem's A3 credit rating in 
December 2023. Rikshem was previously rated by S&P Global.  
Recent Developments  
In March 2024 Rikshem signed a conditional agreement with the Municipality of Sigtuna for the sale of 14 
community service properties with a total lettable area of 28,630 sqm. The transaction is subject to a decision by 
the City Council on 25 April 2024.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be 
a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date. 
The Kingdom of Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of 
Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address the 
rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not 
described below. In addition, the summary does not address Notes that are held on an "investment savings 
account" (investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a specific tax regime. Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisers regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident of 
Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, or (b) 
an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does not 
carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively 
connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a non-
resident holder of any Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a non-resident holder will not be subject to Swedish 
income tax unless the non-resident holder of Notes carries on business activities in Sweden through a permanent 
establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have 
lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar 
years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between 
Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident 
holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of notes. However, if amounts that are 
considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on such 
payments at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.   
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, 
Sweden Branch, NatWest Markets N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, Nykredit Bank A/S, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and any additional dealers that may 
accede to the programme from time to time (the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time 
to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated 
Dealer Agreement dated 25 April 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will 
be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest 
of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed 
by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act 
as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or 
other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The 
Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement prior to the closing of an issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent 
are not delivered or do not meet their satisfaction on the Issue Date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance 
of the Notes may not be completed and investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of 
any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered to as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the 
legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA").  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. 
The Kingdom of Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved by the competent 
authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and such competent authority has 
certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been approved with respect to the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Swedish Act with Supplementary Provisions to the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(lagen (2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s prospektförordning); or (B) an exemption under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation or the Swedish Act with Supplementary Provisions to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Norway Securities Laws 
The Notes shall be initially recorded with VPS Norway in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised or recognised as being entitled to record the Notes pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 909/2014, unless (a) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-
Norwegian residents only, or (b) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold 
outside of Norway. 
Belgium  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Issuer's Board of Directors 
passed on 16 May 2017. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors passed on 24 April 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries nor has there been any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2023.  
Auditors 
4. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 2022 and 2023 by Ernst & Young AB of Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden who are 
authorised and regulated by the Swedish Inspectorate of Auditors – Revisorsinspektionen, and who have 
given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their audit reports in this Base Prospectus 
in the form and context in which they are included.  
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected in 
electronic form on the website www.rikshem.se. for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form);  
(d) 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin; 
(e) 
the VPS Trustee Agreement; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement will also be available for inspection at the registered office of the 
Issuer and at the registered office of the VPS Trustee. A copy of the Agency Agreement will be available 
for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and upon 
reasonable request at the registered office of the Agent during normal business hours or may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent).

--- Page 126 ---
127 
 
Material Contracts 
7. 
There are no contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of any of the Issuer's or any 
of its subsidiaries' businesses, which are, or may be, material and contain provisions under which the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN, "FISN") and Classification of Financial Instruments (as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN, "CFI") code (as applicable) for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
VPS Notes will be initially recorded with Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
("VPS Norway"), Tollbugata 2, 0152, Oslo, Norway. Investors with accounts in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may hold VPS Notes through their accounts with such clearing systems and 
the relevant clearing system will be shown in the records of VPS Norway as the holder of the relevant 
amount of VPS Notes (nominee holder). 
Legal Entity Identifier 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is 529900AJTHH582JP6S77. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
10. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer and its affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express

--- Page 127 ---
128 
 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the 
first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
Issuer Website 
13. 
The Issuer's website is www.rikshem.se. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Prospectus and Prospectus Supplements 
14. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Rikshem AB (Publ) 
Klara Södra Kyrkogata 1 
P.O. Box 307  
Stockholm 101 26  
Sweden 
 
 
ARRANGER & DEALER 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens    
75009 Paris    
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
Regeringsgatan 59 
SE-105 88 Stockholm 
Sweden 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FL 00020 Nordea  
Finland  
Nykredit Bank A/S  
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3  
DK-1780  
Copenhagen V  
Denmark 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 2 
106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
VPS AGENT 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
Handelsbanken 
Tjuvholmen allé 11 
0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Box 1711 
111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law: 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
PO Box 1524 Vika 
N-0117 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited  
Ten Earlsfort Terrace  
Dublin 2  
Ireland