--- Page 1 ---
RINGKJØBING LANDBOBANK AKTIESELSKAB 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab (the "Issuer" 
or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Under the Programme, Notes issued by the Bank may be dated and with a ranking as described in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Preferred Senior 
Notes) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" ("Preferred Senior Notes"), dated and with a ranking as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" ("Non-Preferred Senior Notes"), and dated, subordinated and, on 
issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes any previous prospectus, offering memorandum, programme memorandum, information memorandum or 
any amendments or supplements thereto. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. Notes may be issued 
in (a) uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form ("VP Notes") cleared through VP Securities A/S ("VP") or (b) bearer form ("Bearer 
Notes"). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market") of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any 
member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Applications have been made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to 
listing on the official list ("Official List") of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
and have been admitted to the Official List. 
Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms"). 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global note or a permanent global note which will be deposited 
on the issue date thereof with the common depository or, as the case may be, common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearing system. The VP Notes of each 
Tranche will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form as more fully described in the "Form of the Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes". 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, 
in which event a new Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation 
to such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"), among others with a Long Term Issuer Rating of Aa3 and 
a Long Term Deposit Rating of Aa3. Moody's is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website at www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisationin accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom ("UK"). Accordingly, the Issuer's ratings issued by Moody's have been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") and have not been withdrawn. As such, the Issuer's 
ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where a certain Series 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Please also refer to "Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" in 
the Risk Factors section of this Base Prospectus. 
Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such 
benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA ("ESMA Benchmarks Register") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "Important Notices – EU Benchmarks Regulation" on 
page vi of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea 
Nykredit Bank 
SEB 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 May 2024.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
70-41074031 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus"). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published 
on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). Copies of Final Terms will be available 
from the registered office of the Issuer and (in the case of Bearer Notes) the specified office set out below 
of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) or (in the case of VP Notes) the specified office of VP 
Issuing Agent (as defined below). 
Other Relevant Information 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto, all documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), 
and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Save for the Issuer, no party has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
70-41074031 
 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has most recently been amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels 
(including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (which was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 30 November 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024) (the "EU 
Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to 
time.  None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor 
the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. In addition, none of the Dealers have conducted any due 
diligence on the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" below). An 
independent opinion has been provided in connection with the Green Finance Framework, which is 
available on the website of the Issuer (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides 
an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement 
of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available 
in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this supplemented Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis 
of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the 
Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework may also be subject to review and 
change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and 
any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
70-41074031 
 
Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form 
part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.  
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including France, Belgium and Denmark), the UK and 
Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any financial 
markets; and

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
70-41074031 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
70-41074031 
 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or 
drawdown prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Certain Definitions 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars and to 
"Danish Kroner" and "DKK" as relevant refer to Danish Kroner. In addition, all references to "Sterling" 
and "£" refer to pounds sterling and to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. Further, all references to "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" refer to 
Norwegian Kroner and "Swedish Kroner" and "SEK" refer to Swedish Kroner. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the "SFA").  If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written 
notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
70-41074031 
 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rates may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the registrar 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
70-41074031 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................... 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................. 29 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 31 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 34 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 48 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 106 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................... 107 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................. 128 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................... 130 
General Information ........................................................................................................................... 135

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
70-41074031 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" below and include credit risk arising primarily 
from direct lending activities, interest rate risk arising from changes in 
interest rates, share risk arising from investment of assets in shares, 
foreign-exchange risk arising from changes in exchange rates, liquidity 
risk arising from cash fund availability, property risk arising from a 
decline in the value of the Issuer's portfolio of domicile and investment 
properties, operational risk such as inadequate or failed internal 
processes and other risks such as maintaining minimum capital 
requirements. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes 
and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
70-41074031 
 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent (Bearer 
Notes): 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 3 (Redenomination). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer or, in the case of VP Notes, in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, as more fully 
described in "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
1. 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) (as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
or the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as specified therein) (and 
any successor thereto)) as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org) and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
 
2. 
by reference to the applicable reference rate as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Reset Notes: 
The rate of interest in respect of Reset Notes will change on the relevant 
Reset Dates. The revised rate of interest may be either a Fixed Rate or a 
Floating Rate for the relevant Reset Period.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13 (Consent to early 
redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.), if 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, early redemption of the 
Preferred Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes in whole (but 
not in part) is permitted upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event as described in Condition 6.4 (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Furthermore, the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions — Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above.  
Substitution and variation 
of Preferred Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
if the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.) if a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
70-41074031 
 
(but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, as the case may be, as described in Condition 6.12 (Substitution 
and variation). 
Substitution and variation 
of Subordinated Notes: 
In the case of Subordinated Notes and if a tax event as described in 
Condition 6.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) or a regulatory 
reclassification as described in Condition 6.2.2 (Early redemption for 
regulatory reclassification reasons) has occurred and is continuing, the 
Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.), at its option, substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of such Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of such Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made (in the case of a payment of interest only), the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted (in 
the case of a payment of interest only). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Status of the Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
The Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Status of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes). 
Status of Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will be subordinated as described in Condition 
2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VP and/or such other 
clearing system(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Where a certain Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to listing the Official List and to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
 
Applications may be made to list VP Notes on Nasdaq Copenhagen. 
Any such applications will be in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations governing the listing of VP Notes on Nasdaq Copenhagen 
from time to time. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Danish law. The Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, 
the Definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons will be

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
70-41074031 
 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law. The 
Agency Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, English law, save for the provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders of a Series to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally, which are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, Danish law. The Declaration of Direct Rights is governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including France, Belgium 
and Denmark), the UK and Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
70-41074031 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is regulated by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "DFSA") which ensures a 
regulatory environment comparable to the regulatory environments of other Western European banks. 
In the course of its business activities the Issuer is exposed to a variety of risks. 
The Issuer's general policy with respect to assumption of risks is that the Issuer only assumes the risks, 
which are in accordance with the business principles under which the Issuer is operated, and which the 
Issuer possesses the expertise to manage. For an outline of how the Issuer manages risk please see 
"Description of the Issuer – Risks and risk management" which also is referred to in relation to the risk 
factors set out in this section. 
Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
position or prospects 
The business activities and performance of the Issuer are dependent on the level of banking, finance and 
financial services required by its customers. In particular, levels of borrowing are dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, the state of the economy, the housing market and market interest rates at 
the time. As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Denmark, its performance is 
influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Denmark, which is in turn affected by 
both domestic and international economic and political events, including military actions.  
Geopolitical tensions have increased in recent years and some have resulted in military actions. For 
example, Russia's invasion of Ukraine (and the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the EU, the 
United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others) has and is expected to continually affect the 
global economy and thereby also directly and indirectly the Danish economy. In addition, the ongoing and 
emerging conflicts in the Middle East have resulted in uncertainty in relation to the economy and thus on 
the business environment of the Issuer.  
The growth in the Danish economy has slowed down in the year ended 31 December 2023, partly due to 
the higher interest rate level. The unemployment rate in Denmark is however, as the date of this Base 
Prospectus, still not visibly affected by the current economic environment, and the employment in Denmark 
has continued to rise according to Statistics Denmark. The inflation rate (consumer price index) of the 
Danish economy has declined to 0.9 per cent. year-over-year by March 2024, while the core inflation rate 
(consumer price index excl. energy and unprocessed food) has fallen to 1.7 per cent. year-over-year 
according to Statistics Denmark. 
The heightened interest rates continue to affect both private consumption and investments. While housing 
prices in Denmark, however, declined in 2022 concurrent to a rapid increase in interest rates, the housing 
market has broadly rebounded in 2023 with housing prices increasing. 
A negative development in the general geopolitical and economic conditions in Denmark and across the 
world, such as a downturn in the economy, an increase in unemployment in Denmark or a reduction in the 
value of housing and other collateral provided to the Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
70-41074031 
 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects, including credit and liquidity risk as 
described in the risk factors below ('Credit risk' and 'Liquidity risk'). 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that payments owed to the Issuer are judged not to be collectable because 
of certain customers' lack of ability or willingness to pay at the agreed time. 
The Issuer generally assumes risks on the basis of a credit policy, the specified objective of which is to 
maintain an appropriate balance between risks assumed and the return gained by the Issuer and to keep the 
Issuer's losses at a relatively low level when compared to the losses in the Danish financial sector. 
The Issuer has total loans and guarantees of DKK 57.9 billion as at 31 March 2024 (please refer to the 
section titled “Description of the Issuer”) with private customers accounting for 33 per cent. of the exposure 
and business customers accounting for 67 per cent. 
The Issuer has an exposure to financing of renewable energy but considers this to be a low risk exposure. 
The exposure can be characterised as first priority financing of various renewable energy plants placed 
primarily in Denmark and Germany (please refer to the section titled "Description of the Issuer – Criteria 
for credit approval"). 
The Issuer is exposed to the agricultural sector in Denmark and may suffer losses that may be material in 
amount in relation to this sector. During recent years, the agricultural sector has experienced fluctuating 
conditions. Both pork and dairy production have experienced satisfactory earnings in 2023, whereas the 
conditions for crops farmers have been less favourable compared to previous years.   
The substantial increase in the interest rates combined with the transformation of the EU-subsidy scheme 
is a considerable risk for farmers, which may affect the land prices negatively. The agricultural sector is 
also exposed to a transition risk from an expected tax on carbon emissions in Denmark. This is of particular 
concern in relation to dairy production, which accounts for the highest estimated carbon emissions. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, such a carbon emission tax on agriculture is under consideration in 
Denmark, but the form and implementation are unknown at the moment. An outbreak of African swine 
fever or other contagious animal or plant diseases either in Europe or in Denmark also represents a potential 
risk for Danish farmers. 
Generally the agricultural sector in Denmark is still characterised by a high debt burden. The Issuer uses 
the same principles for valuation as the DFSA has previously published, while the Issuer applies lower 
prices for farmland than the price statistics prepared by the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and 
Cooperative Banks in Denmark and DLR Kredit. However, the Issuer still has significant loss reserves 
relating to loans to the agricultural sector, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer more 
losses. 
The Issuer has an exposure to fisheries. The sector is negatively affected by quota reductions, high fuel 
costs and the higher interest rates. The risks are included in the Issuer's estimates of loan loss provisions. 
The Issuer also has exposure to the real property sector, which generally falls within the following two 
categories: 
(i) 
Real property financing without prior creditors. These types of loans account for approximately 77 
per cent. of the Issuer's real property loan portfolio as at 31 March 2024. The LTV is calculated on 
the basis of the cash flow generated from the real property. The Issuer uses stress tests where the 
resistance against decrease in rental income and increase in yield is tested. 
(ii) 
Other real property loans/financing. Some of these loans are with a second mortgage on real 
property and a strong lessee with an irrevocable lease and with scheduled repayment within the 
expiry of lease agreements. For the latter loans, sizes for such financing are calculated in the basis 
of cash flow analysis of the properties and a detailed examination of the financial status of the 
lessee and the investors. 
The Issuer considers the real property portfolio to be well positioned against downturns in the real estate 
sector. However, a severe downturn in the real estate sector or a further increase of the interest rate level 
may affect the Issuer negatively.

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
70-41074031 
 
The Issuer is exposed to climate risks in various ways, which may affect the credit quality. Climate changes 
may affect the assets of the customers over time, but most present is the potential impact of changed political 
conditions including the introduction of a climate related tax.    
The Issuer has established a number of principles and procedures to manage the external and internal risks, 
which it is exposed to. However, notwithstanding the principles and procedures that the Issuer has put in 
place, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from credit risk in the future that may 
be material in amount. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the ability of the Issuer to ensure the availability of appropriate cash funds to meet 
its payments obligations, stemming from mismatches between the maturities of assets and liabilities, and 
the liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Issuer's activities and in the management of its 
operations. 
It is the objective of the Issuer with respect to liquidity management, that the budgeted liquidity meets the 
current LCR requirement for a period of at least 12 months and to maintain sufficient liquidity for a stress 
scenario by means of recovery plans for a period of at least 12 months. Furthermore, the Issuer must also 
comply with the Net Stable Funding ratio of minimum 100 per cent. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from liquidity risks in the future 
that may be material in amount. 
With a total value of DKK 52.8 billion as at 31 March 2024, the value of deposits and other debt including 
pooled schemes exceeds the value of loans and other receivables of DKK 50.6 billion adjusted for a part of 
the loan portfolio for renewable energy projects, DKK 0.8 billion, which is financed back-to-back with 
KfW Bankengruppe. 
Because the Issuer receives a significant portion of its funding from deposits, the Issuer is subject to the 
risk that depositors could withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their 
loans, thus causing a strain upon the Issuer's liquidity. 
A dislocated credit environment compounds the risk that the Issuer, in such a situation, will not be able to 
access funds at favourable rates. These and other factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view 
of the Issuer's liquidity, which could result in less favourable credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and less 
accessible funds. 
An inability on the Issuer's part to access funds, or to access the markets from which it raises funds, may 
put the Issuer's position in relation to its liquid assets at risk and lead it to its inability to finance its 
operations adequately. 
Operational risk hereunder IT risk and money laundering risk etc. 
The operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect financial losses because of faults in internal 
processes and systems, human errors or external events. Operational risks also include the risks related to 
IT risk and cyber security risk and the risk that the Issuer's business could be abused for money laundering 
or the financing of terrorism etc. 
Operational risk can arise from human errors, system faults, breakdown of IT systems and insufficient or 
defective internal procedures or external events. Operational risk also includes risk pertaining to reputation 
and strategy as well as conduct and legal risk. Examples of operational risk incidents for financial 
institutions such as the Issuer are highly diverse and include fraud or other illegal or unethical conduct, 
failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report 
incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, 
inadequate documentation, insufficient data quality, errors in transaction processing, system failures, as 
well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel. 
The Issuer's business and other activities are dependent on highly advanced IT systems. The Issuer may be 
the target of malicious hacking with consequences in the form of shutdown of individual or all IT systems. 
Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may be, inter alia, financial losses, business disruption, inability 
to issue bonds, inability to service payments on time, loss of data or other sensitive information. The Issuer

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
70-41074031 
 
cannot ensure that errors, failures, interruptions or breaches as a result of fraud or human error or omissions 
will not occur. 
During the operations of the Issuer, the Issuer processes a large number of transactions, and in doing so is 
subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money 
laundering, data protection and economic and financial sanctions. 
The Issuer's operational risk is handled by way of a setup of office procedures and controls, as well as IT 
contingency plans. If any of these procedures and controls fail, there can be no assurance that it will not 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, result in regulatory investigations or sanctions 
being imposed and the Issuer may suffer financial losses. This in turn could also have a material adverse 
effect on the relevant Issuer's reputation, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Market risks 
Market risk is defined as the risk that the market value of the Issuer's assets and liabilities will change 
because of changes in market conditions. The Issuer's basic policy with respect to market risks is that the 
Issuer wishes to keep such risks at a low to moderate level depending on the risk type which is reflected in 
the risk management system as described in the business description. 
The Issuer's total market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, share risk and property 
risk. 
Interest rate risk etc. 
Interest rate risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk arises 
both in interest-bearing claims and liabilities as well as in derivatives. 
Despite systems in place there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from interest rate 
risk in the future that may be material in amount. 
Overall, the Issuer applies the fair value principle for evaluation of bonds and shares. In relation to corporate 
bonds and mortgage backed bonds, their market value can vary over time in connection with general 
changes in credit spreads in the market, and company-specific circumstances can also affect the value of 
such bonds. 
Share risk 
The Issuer invests some of its assets in shares, which are generally subject to greater risks and volatility 
than bonds. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from share risks in the future 
that may be material in amount. 
Foreign-exchange risk 
Exchange rate changes could negatively impact the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
not suffer losses from foreign-exchange risks in the future that may be material in amount. 
Property risk 
A decline in the value of the Issuer's portfolio of domicile and investment properties could negatively 
impact the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from property risks in the 
future that may be material in amount.

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
70-41074031 
 
Capital Requirement Risks 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer's capital requirements which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
The regulatory framework for the Issuer's capital requirements is based on the CRR and the CRD (as 
implemented in Denmark) and consists of three pillars: 
• 
Pillar I, inter alia, contains a set of rules for calculating the capital requirement (8 per cent. of the 
risk exposure amount for credit risk, market risk and operational risk) also referred to as the 
minimum own funds requirement. 
• 
Pillar II, inter alia, describes the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (the "ICAAP") 
framework and the supervisory review. The ICAAP determines the individual solvency need. 
• 
Pillar III, inter alia, deals with market discipline and sets forth disclosure requirements for risk and 
capital management and the individual solvency need 
Individual solvency need 
Pursuant to Executive Order No. 2155 of 3 December 2020 on Calculation of Risk Exposures, Own Funds 
and Solvency Need, banks are required to publish their individual solvency need each quarter. The 
individual solvency need (including the additional own funds requirement) is the capital considered 
sufficient to cover the group's risks. The solvency need is calculated on the basis of the requirement under 
Pillar I plus a supplement for requirements under Pillar II. Pillar II reflects any uncertainty relating to the 
risk models, and the capital level is subject to ongoing qualitative adequacy assessments. The additional 
own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at 
least 75 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, competent authority may require that the institution fulfils 
its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution). 
The combined buffer requirement consists of the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the 
institution-specific counter-cyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution), the other 
systemically important institution ("O-SII") buffer and the global systemically important institutions ("G-
SII") buffer and, in general, the systemic risk buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution, which all 
(except for the capital conservation buffer) depends on institution specific criteria and where the counter-
cyclical buffer is a varying requirement over time. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is subject 
to a combined capital buffer requirement comprising of two elements (referred to collectively as the 
"combined buffer"): (i) the capital conservation buffer and (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical 
buffer. The capital conservation buffer was fully implemented by 1 January 2019 where a 2.5 per cent. 
requirement applied and still apply to the Issuer (all are stated as a percentage of the overall risk exposure 
and must be met through the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital). The countercyclical capital buffer for Danish 
exposures is set by the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs after recommendations from 
The Systemic Risk Council and may be in the range of 0.0 per cent. to 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure. 
The countercyclical capital buffer will be activated in individual countries in the EU/EEA area. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the countercyclical capital buffer has been set at 2.5 per cent. 
The Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs may determine a systemic capital buffer 
requirement to counteract and limit long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks that are not 
comprised by CRR. At the end of 2023, the systemic capital buffer was 0 per cent., but the Systemic Risk 
Council has for the first time recommended to the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs 
that a sector-specific systemic capital buffer be activated effective 30 June 2024. The Minister for Industry, 
Business and Financial Affairs followed the recommendation on 26 April 2024 and set a sector-specific 
systemic capital buffer for exposures to real estate companies at 7 per cent. of the risk-weighted exposure, 
with the exception of the part of the exposures in the LTV range of 0 to 15 per cent. The Systemic Risk 
Council made its recommendation because it finds there is a risk that problems in the real estate sector may 
affect financial stability. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer expects the systemic capital 
buffer to around 1 per cent. of total risk exposures. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy its combined capital buffer requirement could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
70-41074031 
 
Issuer's financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
NPE Backstop Regulation (Articles 47a, 47b and 47c of the CRR) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (the "NPE 
Backstop Regulation") was adopted in 2019 and concerns requirements for minimum loss coverage for 
non-performing exposures ("NPEs"). The purpose of the NPE Backstop Regulation is to limit the build-up 
of NPEs in credit institutions and at the same time encourage the institutions to reduce their current portfolio 
of NPEs. In addition, the purpose is to ensure an adequate reserve for NPEs – contributing towards a more 
resilient financial sector. 
Pursuant to the NPE Backstop Regulation, for all NPEs, a minimum coverage must be calculated, and this 
must be compared with the loan impairment charges made on the exposure. If the minimum coverage 
exceeds the loan impairment charges, this results in a deduction in the institution's Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital, corresponding to the difference (referred to as the "NPE backstop"), which would also lead to a 
lower Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the institution. When calculating the minimum coverage, a 
distinction is made between exposures that are covered by real estate collateral, exposures covered by other 
collateral and unsecured exposures. The minimum coverage increases the longer the exposure is in default 
and the minimum coverage on unsecured exposures is generally higher than on exposures secured by 
collateral. The minimum coverage is 100 per cent. of the exposure in the 10th year after the exposure is 
considered to be non-performing. The NPE backstop deduction in an institution's Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital will to some extent, especially for NPE vintage exposures with a high REA, be partly offset by a 
reduction in the REA calculation in respect of such exposures (and thereby in the own funds requirement 
calculation). 
All exposures granted before 26 April 2019 are excluded from the NPE backstop. However, the exposures 
fall out of the transitional scheme if the terms and conditions regarding the exposure are changed in a way 
that increases the institution's exposure to the borrower (for example, forbearance measures). If a NPE 
exposure falls out of the transitional regime, the time of recognition of default, in relation to the calculation 
of the minimum coverage, is set at the date on which the exposure falls out of the transitional regime. Thus, 
no exposure, in relation to the NPE backstop, can have a default date before 26 April 2019. As a 
consequence, the NPE backstop is currently low, but will increase over the coming years, partly due to 
exposures that fall out of the transitional scheme, and partly due to new NPEs. Thus, it will take several 
years before exposures with high collateral coverage give rise to deductions in the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital. In the short term, it will therefore primarily be customers with relatively low impairment charges 
that give rise to a deduction in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
The NPE backstop is gradually being implemented and over the coming years percentages of the capital 
charge for NPE exposures will gradually increase. Furthermore, the substantial proportion of exposures by 
the transitional scheme, will gradually be reduced as old loans are replaced by new loans which are subject 
to the NPE Backstop Regulation. In total this will imply an increased capital requirement of the Issuer. 
After the lapse of the transitional period, the development in the deduction to be made in the Issuer's 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital due to the NPE backstop begins to be subject to considerable uncertainty. 
The volume of the increased capital requirement is difficult to quantify at the date of this Base Prospectus 
since this will depend on the extent of new NPEs, the extent of exposures that fall outside of the transitional 
arrangement, and the extent to which new NPEs are settled or fall outside of the NPE category. Many 
factors can affect the size of the deduction when the NPE Backstop Regulation is in full effect. The Issuer 
has limited historical data on such a transformation process which makes it difficult to quantify the impact. 
The most important variable, however, is the development in the business cycle and thus the Danish 
economy. See "Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and 
internationally which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects" above. 
EBA continues to develop rules 
The European Banking Authority ("EBA") will continue to propose detailed rules through binding technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including the CRR and 
the CRD. As a consequence, the Issuer is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes. Given the

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
70-41074031 
 
uncertainty of the exact wording of the technical standards, they could potentially lead to a reduction in the 
regulatory capital or an increase in the REA of the Issuer. 
Basel III: Finalising post-crisis reforms 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee issued a publication titled: "Basel III: Finalising post-crisis 
reforms". The reforms contain new requirements for credit risk, operational risk, CVA risk and a so called 
output floor which sets new minimum standards for capital requirements in financial institutions using 
internal models for calculating capital requirements. In addition, the Basel Committee published the revised 
minimum capital requirements for market risk in January 2019. The above-described two publications of 
the Basel Committee are collectively referred to as "Basel IV". On 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission published its proposal for a review of the CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive, 
implementing, inter alia, Basel IV (the "Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal"). The Basel IV CRR/CRD 
Proposal is now subject to the EU legislative procedure. On 24 January 2023, the European Parliament's 
Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee (ECON) announced the adoption of draft reports on the Basel 
IV CRR/CRD Proposal. On 27 June 2023 the European Council announced that negotiators from the 
European Council and the European Parliament reached a provisional agreement on the Basel IV CRR/CRD 
Proposal and in December 2023, the preparatory bodies of the European Council and the European 
Parliament endorsed the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal following which the final texts have been published, 
although the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal still remains subject to legal revision and to the final vote in the 
Plenary. The European Commission's Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal introduces, inter alia, an output floor 
on 72.5 per cent. of the standardised approach for calculating REA. The output floor will be gradually 
introduced from 1 January 2025 over a period of 5 years. Furthermore, the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal 
introduces an additional capital charge for undrawn credit facilities and changes to the principles for 
calculating REA for mortgage backed financing. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Basel IV 
CRR/CRD Proposal is expected to have an impact on the Issuer's REA and thereby own funds requirement. 
The estimated effect of Basel IV is contained within the Issuers capital planning. However, the final impact 
of Basel IV will depend on the final implementation hereof. 
The capital requirements, including the MREL requirement (see "Risks related to Notes generally" – 
"Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD" – "The MREL Requirement") applicable to the Issuer are, 
by their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which 
may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors. There can be no assurance that any of 
the minimum own funds Pillar I requirements, MREL requirement, additional own funds requirements or 
buffer capital requirements applicable to the Issuer will not be amended in the future to include new and 
more onerous capital requirements. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy its respective regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements 
and other requirements, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Additional risk factors 
The risk factors mentioned above are managed and controlled by the Issuer's systems and procedures. In 
addition the Issuer is directly or indirectly exposed to a number of other risks which directly or indirectly 
may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations. These risks include: 
Exposure to the Eurozone 
The Issuer's foreign-exchange exposure is, to a large extent, hedged. However, an economic breakdown in 
the Eurozone would likely have a significant effect on the economic situation all over Europe and would 
likely affect the Danish economy as well. The Issuer may subsequently suffer losses in connection with 
such events, which may be in a material amount. 
Changed market conditions for niche products 
A significant proportion of the Issuer's income is generated from its niche areas (such as financing of 
renewable energy and real estate, private banking and the financing of medical practitioners' purchase of

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
70-41074031 
 
private practices) and a change or downturn in market conditions might affect these niche areas and 
accordingly may have a material effect on the financial condition of the Issuer. 
General regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation which may affect the Issuer's 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark 
and (to the extent applicable) the European Union. Regulatory risk is the risk that changes in supervision 
and regulation applicable to the Issuer, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer's 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, which 
could lead to civil liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or the revocation of the licence, 
permission or authorisation to conduct the Issuer's business in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to 
review standardised approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together 
with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for banks using internal models) 
(see "Risks related to an increase in the Issuer's capital requirements etc. which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects" above). 
Risks relating to the Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund which 
may result in the Issuer to incur additional costs 
In Denmark, as in other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a "Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme") have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable 
to customers of financial services firms in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or 
unlikely to pay, claims against it. In many jurisdictions, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes are funded, 
directly or indirectly, by financial services firms, which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, Danish banks, such as the Issuer, undertake to 
cover losses incurred on covered deposits held with distressed banks. The Danish Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme fund's capital must amount to at least 0.8 per cent. of the covered deposits of Danish banks. 
The Danish Guarantee Scheme fund is currently fully funded. If the fund subsequently does not have 
sufficient means to make the required payments, extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent. of the 
individual institution's covered deposits or covered cash funds, as applicable, may be required. In the case 
the fund's capital falls below two-thirds of the minimum amount (0.8 per cent. of covered deposits), the 
Danish Guarantee Scheme must reach the target level again within six years. 
In addition, the Issuer contributes to the Danish resolution fund established as the Danish resolution 
financing arrangement under the BRRD, which fund's capital must amount to 1.0 per cent. of the covered 
deposits of Danish banks. 
The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds 
across different EU countries may exceed the minimum levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 
2014/49/EU (the "Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive") and in EU Regulation no. 806/2014 
and EU Regulation no. 81/2015 of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (the latter of which will be 
relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the Banking Union and Single Resolution Mechanism). 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust and further strengthen the 
existing EU bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework (the "CMDI Proposal"). 
The CMDI Proposal includes, inter alia, certain amendments to the Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive, including in relation to the coverage of public entities as well as temporary high balances on 
bank accounts. Moreover, it is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join 
the European Banking Union and therefore be part of the Single Resolution Mechanism. It therefore 
remains unclear which costs the Issuer will incur in the coming year in relation to payments to deposit 
guarantee funds and/or resolution funds on a national or European level.

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features and the principal risks attached thereto: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
At any time upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant series of Notes) 
(i) a change in tax law pursuant to Condition 6.2.1 (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), (ii) a change 
in tax law pursuant to Condition 6.3 (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
only), (iii) a regulatory reclassification pursuant to Condition 6.2.2 (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), 
(iv) a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 6.4 (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) or (v) an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.5 (in the 
case of any Note), the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their Early 
Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Optional Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, 
as more particularly described in the Conditions. 
Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned 
above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than 
the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter 
case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Automatic amortisation of Subordinated Notes 
Subject to the CRR, the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes which may qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
when determining the Issuer's total capital will, during the final five years of maturity of the Subordinated 
Notes, be decreased day by day until the nominal value reaches zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Notes with an interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the 
relevant securities, such as Notes to which the reset provisions apply, is also exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities.

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
70-41074031 
 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes). 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations are unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred 
Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any 
Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, 
and (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each 
case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act in full before 
it can make any payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough 
assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets 
remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, payments relating 
to other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer's pari 
passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with 
the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the rights to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, 
(ii) its unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and creditors of the 
Issuer that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (iii) its subordinated creditors 
(other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (iv) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive (as defined below) rank or shall rank 
senior to the Subordinated Notes in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this 
occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due 
under the Subordinated Notes. According to Act no. 2110 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, the 
Recovery and Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of 
the Act on Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as result of the revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD 
V) and the Resolution and Recovery Directive (BRRD II) etc.) of 22 December 2020 (the “Danish 
BRRDII/CRDV Act”) and the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive 
(as defined below), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the 
meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. In 
principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that no longer fully or partially

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
70-41074031 
 
are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities 
resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their contractual 
ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be 
required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can 
make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy 
the claims of all of the Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due 
under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
Subject as provided in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" section below, no Noteholder shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting, or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
To the extent that any Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off, netting or counterclaim in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off, 
netting or counterclaim is effective under any applicable law, if the Noteholder receives or recovers any 
sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of such set-off, netting or counterclaim, such 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set-off, netted or counterclaimed. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under Notes and not 
to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under 
the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the 
Notes, as the case may be, holders of Notes may receive less than the full amount due under Notes, and the 
market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. Holders should note that principal for these purposes 
may include any payments of premium. 
No events of default and limited enforcement events 
There are no events of default. Holders of Notes may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of 
their respective Notes, and enforcement rights for any payment are limited to the claim of Noteholders in a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, a holder of Notes may 
prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together 
with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other amounts payable 
on such Note under the Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Subordinated Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Preferred Senior Notes 
which are also Green Bonds will still be subject to the limited remedies described above. 
The qualification of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes as "eligible liabilities" 
is subject to uncertainty 
The Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes are intended to be "eligible liabilities" (or any 
equivalent or successor term) ("MREL Eligible Liabilities") which are available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer. However, 
there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those 
regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
70-41074031 
 
If, for any reason, the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are or will be excluded from 
the MREL Eligible Liabilities as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of the last 
Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of issue of 
the last Tranche of such Series, 
then, if MREL Substitution/Variation Option and/or the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option 
is/are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a MREL Disqualification Event may 
occur. See "Substitution and variation without Noteholder consent" and "Notes subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer" for the consequences of a MREL Disqualification Event (in each case, if 
applicable). 
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after 
such Notes have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, 
redeem such Notes five years after issuance if the option is so specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
the requirements under Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, 
modification, etc.), as the case may be, are complied with. 
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes have been issued (and at any time 
thereafter), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, at any 
time redeem all, but not some, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest upon early redemption for tax reasons or upon early redemption for regulatory reclassification 
reasons in accordance with Conditions 6.2.1 or 6.2.2, respectively. 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of 
such Notes is also subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
Holders of Notes should not invest in Notes in the expectation that a call option included in the terms of 
such Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call to be 
exercised by the Issuer, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other factors at the relevant time. In any such case, there can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator 
will permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer. 
In addition, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with Condition 6.2.1 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.2.2 (Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons), 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 6.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the 
Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant redemption 
date, the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions 
for redemption as described in Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or 
variation, modification, etc.) have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in the relevant Notes should be 
aware that, whether or not a redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Notes, any redemption of 
such Notes will, at all times, remain subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
Substitution and variation without Noteholder consent 
If the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or 
variation, modification, etc.), if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
may substitute all (but not some only) of the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes or vary 
the terms of all (but not some only) of the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without 
the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes (in the case of Preferred 
Senior Notes) or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.), if a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
70-41074031 
 
Notes as described in Condition 6.2.2 (Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons) or for tax 
reasons as described in Condition 6.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions 
has/have occurred and is/are continuing the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which 
adhere to the specific conditions outlined in the definition of "Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” (in the 
case of Preferred Senior Notes), “Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes" (in the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) or "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" (in the case of Subordinated Notes) in Condition 6.14 
(Definitions), and which are not materially less favourable to the holders of the Notes than the terms of the 
Notes (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors 
to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer)). There can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each holder, any Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will be as favourable to each holder in 
all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular holder would make the same determination as 
the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes are not materially less favourable to holders than 
the terms of the Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount, which at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes in accordance with the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework for Eligible Projects (each as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below). 
A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation it deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, 
the subject of or related to, the Green Finance Framework (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any 
implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom).  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related 
technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they 
may evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with 
the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework.  It is not clear if the establishment Under the EU Green Bond Regulaton 
of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not 
comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green 
Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those 
standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible 
Projects and to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as described in "Use of Proceeds" below 
and/or in the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance 
that any such Eligible Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the 
manner and timeframe anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bond for such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
70-41074031 
 
can be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.  
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Projects to allow for 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before 
deciding to invest. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework may be subject to review and change and may 
be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.  
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible 
Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing 
to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the 
failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result 
of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
The Second Party Opinion provider has issued an independent opinion in respect of the Issuer's Green 
Finance Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given 
as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The 
Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed 
the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time 
and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any 
time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification is given 
and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this supplemented Base Prospectus, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or "sustainable", 
segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer or the Dealers that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
No breach of contract or Event of Default

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
70-41074031 
 
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on 
the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) 
an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as 
Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", or similar 
labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as 
Green Bonds.  
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Projects, do not benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the 
intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or 
the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no 
segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Projects. Consequently, 
neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend 
on the performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such 
environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of 
the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool, non-viability loss absorption and MREL (as defined below) 
has been implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and by 
amendments to the Consolidated Act No. 1731 of 5 December 2023 on Financial Business (the “Danish 
Financial Business Act”), as amended from time to time. Any reference to the BRRD below shall include 
the implementation hereof into Danish law. 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a 
range of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise 
of any of these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution or investment firm (each, 
an "institution") to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail; (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe; and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. An institution will be 
considered as failing or likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of 
its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
The relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination 
without the consent of the institution's creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities 
to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which 
may limit the capacity of the institution to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in relating to eligible liabilities – which gives resolution authorities the

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
70-41074031 
 
power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (the write-down may result 
in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other 
instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool"). The converted equity or other instruments could also 
be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. 
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
In addition to, but independently of, the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, certain capital instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes), at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is 
taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any 
such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or the 
other resolution powers outlined above. Resolution authorities are required to implement non-viability loss 
absorption ahead of, or simultaneously with, any resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
applicable conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) that the institution 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written-
down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity or its 
group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious 
disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD (and thereby also the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act) also provides resolution authorities 
with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed institutions, which 
may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of 
debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity, and/or the 
amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
MREL and related requirements 
With the implementation in Denmark of the BRRD, Danish banks, including the Issuer, are required to 
have bail in-able resources in order to fulfil the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible 
Liabilities ("MREL"). There is no minimum European Union-wide level of MREL, as each resolution 
authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each 
resolution group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance 
and other characteristics of each institution. In Denmark, each covered entity's MREL requirement will 
follow from the entity's individual resolution plan and it is the DFSA after consultation with Finansiel 
Stabilitet, which sets the MREL requirement for each relevant entity. With a balance sheet exceeding EUR 
3 billion, the Issuer had an option to fully implement the MREL requirement with effect from 1 January 
2019. The Issuer chose this option. 
On 13 December 2023 the Issuer received a decision from the DFSA setting the Issuer's MREL requirement 
applicable from 1 January 2024 of 18.9 per cent. of the Issuer's risk exposure amounts ("REA"). The MREL 
requirement set for the Issuer consists of a loss absorption amount and a recapitalisation amount. For the 
Issuer the loss absorption amount is set on the basis of the solvency need and an additional loss absorption 
add-on. The sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount is referred to as the MREL 
requirement. The recapitalisation amount contains three components, the: (i) recapitalisation floor; (ii) 
recapitalisation add-on; and (iii) size add-on. On the basis thereof, the MREL requirement was set to 18.9 
per cent. of the Issuer's REA.

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
70-41074031 
 
Further, the Danish FSA at the same time notified the Issuer that an amount equal to 22.8 per cent. of the 
Issuer’s REA must be met with at least senior non-preferred capital (the "MREL Subordination 
Requirement"). The difference between the MREL Requirement plus the combined buffer requirement 
and the MREL Subordination Requirement can be met with preferred senior capital subject to certain 
conditions.  
The MREL requirement will be set annually (but may be updated over the year e.g. in the case of a change 
to the countercyclical capital buffer) on the basis of the entity's resolution plan. If a relevant entity does not 
fulfil the MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking licence. Also, a comparable 
concept for loss absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") has been set for G-SII's. The TLAC 
requirement also took effect from 2019. 
The exercise of any power under the MREL requirement, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a 
material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the "Insolvency Hierarchy Directive") as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive enables banks to 
issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt which would rank below the most senior debt and 
other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called "Non-Preferred Senior debt"). The 
directive has been transposed into national law in Denmark and was adopted by the Danish Parliament on 
8 June 2018 by Act No. 706 and became effective on 1 July 2018.  
The BRRD Amendment Directive 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the "BRRD Amendment Directive") 
includes, among other things, proposals to implement TLAC into EU legislation, the introduction of the 
concepts resolution entities and resolution groups and the introduction of the subordination requirement in 
respect of the MREL requirement (see "MREL and related requirements" above). The BRRD Amendment 
Directive entered into force on 27 June 2019. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules 
implementing the BRRD Amendment Directive into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered 
into force on 28 December 2020. The incorporation of the TLAC standard into the existing MREL 
framework is expected to provide clarity in the regulatory framework surrounding MREL, both in terms of 
the framework for setting banks' requirements as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such 
requirements. The CRR as amended by way of the CRR Amendment Regulation and the Danish Recovery 
and Resolution Act set the requirement for the instruments that can be used to fulfil the MREL requirement. 
See " Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes" – " The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank 
junior to unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act" and 
"Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes" – "The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated 
Notes are subordinated" regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment 
Directive. 
Exercise of powers under the BRRD 
The powers set out in the already adopted BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms 
are managed, as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority 
ranking of certain deposits in an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy 
in Denmark and which was further amended by way of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive. The BRRD 
establishes a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly for insured depositors and, secondly, 
for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in the European 
Economic Area or non-European Economic Area branches of a European Economic Area bank. These 
preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer in the insolvency 
hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
70-41074031 
 
priority given to other creditors such as depositors. See "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue 
of Notes" – "The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant 
to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act" and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of 
Notes" – "The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated" regarding the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool 
and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) is less favourable than would 
have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to 
compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred 
to as the "no creditor worse off principle" under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely 
to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay 
in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes that have been subject 
to the application of the general bail-in tool and the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes). 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, 
contains certain limited safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including in the case of senior 
creditors (such as the holders of Preferred Senior Notes) a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not 
incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant entity been wound up under normal 
insolvency proceedings, there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are 
exercised. The determination that any power under the BRRD shall be exercised or that all or a part of the 
principal amount of the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. The application of the general 
bail-in tool with respect to the Notes and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes) may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a 
portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes 
into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a 
variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, 
potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability 
loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) may be applied in such a manner as to result in 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security 
than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly 
fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution 
authority may exercise its authority to apply the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption 
(in respect of Subordinated Notes) without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. The exercise 
of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of the relevant Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Notes. 
Depositor Preference 
As part of the reforms required by the BRRD, amendments have been made to relevant legislation in 
Denmark to establish a preference in the insolvency hierarchy for certain deposits that are eligible for 
protection by the Danish deposit guarantee scheme and the uninsured element of such deposits and, in 
certain circumstances, deposits made in non-EEA branches of EEA credit institutions. In addition, the 
Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme increased the nature and quantum of 
insured deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a 
public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these 
changes is to increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in 
the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, including the holders 
of the Notes. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a 
result, if the general bail-in tool were exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes would be 
more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred 
deposits. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future, including by the CMDI 
Proposal which contemplates certain changes to deposits covered by Deposit Guarantee Schemes as well 
as changes to the depositor preference in the hierarchy of claims.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
70-41074031 
 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Danish law (as described in Condition 16.1 (Governing law)) in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Danish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Form of VP Notes 
VP Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title 
other than statements of account made by the VP. Ownership of VP Notes will be recorded, and transfer 
effected, only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VP. 
Because the VP Notes are dematerialised securities, investors will have to rely on the relevant clearing 
systems' procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. Any closure or operational 
difficulties in the VP would therefore impact on such transfer, payment or communication. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been 
made to the Central Bank of Ireland for the Notes to be admitted to the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active trading market will develop or, if 
developed, that it will continue. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may 
be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and 
issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If the Notes 
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. 
Credit Rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Modifications, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
70-41074031 
 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement without the consent 
of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or 
(iii) the substitution of another company in place of the Issuer provided certain conditions are fulfilled. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement), in certain circumstances the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall be obliged to consent to certain changes to the interest calculation 
of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be 
modified, waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, 
waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a 
principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive 
definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in 
denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of 
the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or 
more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Interest Rate Risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
70-41074031 
 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Note. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. In October 2023, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") published 
its Consultation Paper on Enhancements to EURIBOR's Hybrid Methodology, and in March 2024 EMMI 
published the results of the consultation and has announced its decision to implement the new methodology 
and associated governance framework in a phased manner expected to start around mid-May 2024 and 
spanning a six-month period. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
70-41074031 
 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are 
linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
70-41074031 
 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9 (Enforcement Events), or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
70-41074031 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Financial Conduct Authority shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor's report and audited annual financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the 
Issuer on pages 51 to 123 of the Annual Report as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 
respectively 
(the 
"2022 
Accounts") 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/sqxnxnqw/10bf454f-2dd0-4bad-
886d-20b3e2ae63c9.pdf 
(b) 
the auditor's report and audited annual financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the 
Issuer on pages 50 to 119 of the Annual Report as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 
respectively 
(the 
"2023 
Accounts") 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/axzccp5n/annual-report-2023.pdf 
(c) 
the unaudited financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the Issuer on pages 10 to 28 
of the Q1 2024 Report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2024 which can be viewed 
online at: https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/0fxkelc3/quarterly-report-
q1-2024.pdf 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 39 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 13 
April 
2011 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/2906b0b3-ce79-4870-9501-
0bb91dc85185/Prospectus+2011+.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nF3bUoO 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 40 to 74 of the base prospectus dated 21 
February 
2012 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/4e296982-5d4c-4892-b965-
232f0d633108/Prospectus+2012+.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nF3bPYn 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 24 to 55 of the base prospectus dated 2 April 
2013 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/edc880e3-5d1e-41ac-a3ae-
341d6dd69530/Ringkjobing+Prospectus+2013.pdf%282141204.1%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&C
VID=nF3548M 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 25 to 57 of the base prospectus dated 14 
March 
2014 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/217c84e0-5f4d-49e4-8690-
b35ff91a3815/2014+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mL1dC4V 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 27 
March 
2015 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/8084585d-6d65-492f-b1e9-
d15bfee67c3c/2015+Update+-+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZAEWT 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 21 
March 
2016 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/3ca65304-fd59-4a4a-b0c7-
4661d3518fb6/2016+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mL1dHTV 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 29 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 28 
March 
2017 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/4ac5e836-e9fe-4480-a099-
97b1c4678ace/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+Landbobank+EMTN+U17+-
+Prospectus+%28Final%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZzaiI 
(k) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 35 to 77 of the base prospectus dated 29 
October 
2018 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/68034784-1b88-4476-9c9f-

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
70-41074031 
 
158796280e56/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+2018+Update+-
+Base+Prospectus+FINAL+NEW+%28004%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZz1yV 
(l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 79 of the base prospectus dated 28 
June 
2019 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/bb34ea3a-9ad4-46bc-9415-
a80defbb3d55/2019+Update+-+Base+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZAmsf 
(m) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 24 
June 
2020 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/0355051c-8afb-4f74-8bd3-
d6d2ff1ae81b/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+EMTN+2020+Update+-+Base+Prospectus++-
+FINAL+VERSION.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nbHOC5v 
(n) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 40 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 29 
June 
2021 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/1080d8b6-d7f4-4e7a-8ee4-
6ae21d14aa7b/2021+EMTN+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nFrHYjz 
(o) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 46 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 28 
June 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/srze2ecu/d5fe865b-75ff-4f82-b9ed-
1a589f2cd827.pdf  
(p) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 48 to 105 of the base prospectus dated 9 
June 
2023 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/m1bh3zjq/emtn-u23-base-
prospectus-2023-06-09.pdf  
The 2023 Accounts, the 2022 Accounts and the unaudited quarterly financial statements which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are direct and accurate translations of the original Danish 
text. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the English translations and the original Danish 
text, the original Danish text will prevail. 
If documents which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, except where 
such information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent and as set out above. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
70-41074031 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Tranche will be either Bearer Notes, with or without interest coupons attached, or VP 
Notes, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VP 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Agent and/or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at 
any time options referred to below should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (b) at any time at the request of the 
Issuer. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 
9 (Enforcement Events)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 15 days

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
70-41074031 
 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 
days and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules or 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Bearer Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Bearer Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Bearer Notes of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Bearer Notes of such Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in and subject to 
Condition 9 (Enforcement Events). In such circumstances, where any Bearer Note is still represented by a 
Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a declaration of direct rights (the "Declaration of 
Direct Rights") dated 29 June 2021 and executed by the Issuer. 
VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. No VP Note 
will be issued in global or definitive form. The holder of a VP Note will be the person evidenced as such 
by a book entry in the VP system. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated as the holder of the 
relevant VP Note. 
Ownership of the VP Notes will only be recorded and transfers effected only through the book entry system 
and register maintained by the VP. 
On the issue of such VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms to the Agent and the 
VP Issuing Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms by the VP Issuing Agent to the VP and 
notification to the VP of the subscribers and their VP account details by the relevant Dealers. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes will take place in accordance with 
market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the VP Notes will take place in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VP.

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
70-41074031 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes will confirm (in paragraph 6(vii) of Part B) whether or not 
such Notes are to be intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
The designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (together, the "ICSDs") as common safekeeper (and 
may be registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, in the case 
of registered notes) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. 
Where the designation is specified as "no" at the date of the Final Terms, then (should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them) the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and may be registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, in the case of registered notes). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
In each case, such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
70-41074031 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended, to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II: (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
70-41074031 
 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[Date] 
RINGKJØBING LANDBOBANK AKTIESELSKAB 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
2138002M5U5K4OUMVV62 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2024 [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated 
[•],] [which constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation] 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [on the website of the Regulatory News Service operated by 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com] 
and at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent] during 
normal business hours and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[13 April 2011] / [21 February 2012] / [2 April 2013] 
/ [14 March 2014] / [27 March 2015] / [21 March 2016] / [28 March 2017] / [29 October 2018] / [28 June 
2019] / [24 June 2020] / [29 June 2021] / [28 June 2022] / [9 June 2023]] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2024 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation")] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 May 2024 [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [•],] 
[which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 24 May 2024  [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•],]. Copies of such Base Prospectus are available for viewing [on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com,] and at 
the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent] during normal 
business hours and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent]. 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [[ ]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [ ]]

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
70-41074031 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Not Applicable/other] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/ 
SONIA Compounded Interest/SOFR/ SOFR 
Compounded Interest] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed [on the 
Maturity Date at par/ in instalments on each 
Instalment Date (see further item 24 below)] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option]  
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Preferred 
Senior/ 
Non-Preferred 
Senior/ 
Subordinated] 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/other] 
in 
arrear]

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes 
only in accordance with the [Floating Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/, not adjusted] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short 
or long Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)") 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
Not Applicable/[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [ ] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ ] 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
Not Applicable/[ ] in each year 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(N.B. In the case of Reset Notes with a Floating 
Rate Note in a Reset Period, indicate the Reset 
Period to which the Floating Rate will apply. 
Thereafter in this paragraph indicate the 
Floating Rate Note provisions that will apply to 
each floating rate period)  
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[Agent/other] 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR / EURIBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / 
SONIA / SOFR / €STR / SONIA Compounded 
Index / SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[   ]

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[   ] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition 
4.2(e), 4.2(f) or 4.2(g)) [•] [London Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(If Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, include the following sub-paragraphs, otherwise delete) 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [   ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[ ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[ ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
(f) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
70-41074031 
 
Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR 
/ USD-SOFR Compounded Index (each as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions). These are the 
options envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
(Delegated Maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
See [Fixed/Floating] Rate Note provisions above 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[Plus/Minus][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margins: 
[[Plus/Minus][•] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted or if any 
accrued but unpaid amount of interest has been 
reduced and/or cancelled, as applicable, as 
described in the Conditions) 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount 
payable on [•]] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount[(s)]) 
 
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted or if any

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
70-41074031 
 
accrued but unpaid amount of interest has been 
reduced and/or cancelled, as applicable, as 
described in the Conditions) 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]  
 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]  
 
(x) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Original Mid-Swap Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[•]  
 
(xiii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•]  
 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xiv) 
Relevant Time: 
[•]  
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
18. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
19. 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Disqualification Event)  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [only upon an Exchange 
Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
[VP 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further item 
8 of Part B below] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/The Talons Mature on [ ]/No] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
27. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
28. 
VP Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by the VP [for the 
purpose of the meetings of Noteholders/for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the 
issue of VP Notes]]

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
70-41074031 
 
29. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
Substitution/Variation Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Substitution and variation for 
Subordinated Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab: 
 
By: 
 ..................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
70-41074031 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") to be listed on the official 
list of Euronext Dublin with effect from [ ]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] / 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency]: [ ]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[ ] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer 
[ ] [See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus 
/ give details] [If reasons differ from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus including for a 
green bond, give details here.]

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Green Bond: 
[Yes / Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Second Party Opinion Provider: 
[insert name of relevant external reviewer] 
 
(b) Date of Second Party Opinion: 
[date] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[FISN 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
[CFI Code 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
(If the FISN and/or CFI code is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]/ VP Securities A/S Denmark, 
VP identification number [ ]] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
(viii) 
VP Issuing Agent: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered 
notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
70-41074031 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]  
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
If non syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
70-41074031 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions will, whenever the context so 
permits, also apply to each VP Note. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note and shall apply as aforesaid to VP 
Notes. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below) or the VP Issuing Agency Agreement 
(as defined below), as applicable.  
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") represented by a global Note (a 
"Global Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(d) 
Notes cleared through VP Securities A/S ("VP Notes" and the "VP" respectively) which are in 
uncertificated book entry form in accordance with Consolidated Act No. 198 of 26 February 2024 
on Capital Markets (the "Capital Markets Act"), as amended from time to time, and Executive 
Orders issued thereunder and Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017 on, inter alia, the 
registration of fund assets in a securities centre (CSD) (Da. Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af 
fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish VP Registration Order"). 
The Bearer Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 9 June 2023 and made 
between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank 
(the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). 
The Issuer will from time to time, as indicated in the Final Terms, appoint a VP Issuing Agent (the "VP 
Issuing Agent", which expression shall include any successor VP Issuing Agent) to act as the agent of the 
Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VP in respect of each Series of VP Notes. The Issuer and the VP 
Issuing Agent will, in respect of each Series of VP Notes, enter into a VP Issuing Agency Agreement (the 
"VP Issuing Agency Agreement"). The VP Notes of the relevant Series will have the benefit of such VP 
Issuing Agency Agreement and, to the extent specified therein, the Agency Agreement. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, 
where issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payment remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in 
instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on or, in the case of VP Notes, incorporated into this Note which complete these 
Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of 
the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which is, in the case of Bearer Notes, attached to or 
endorsed on or, in the case of VP Notes, incorporated into this Note. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" shall, in relation to any Bearer Notes, mean the holders of 
the Bearer Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
70-41074031 
 
below. Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean to the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. VP Notes are in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form and any reference in the Conditions to Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Notes. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
In respect of any Bearer Notes, the Receiptholders, Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the 
benefit of the Declaration of Direct Rights dated 29 June 2021 (as restated, amended and/or updated from 
time to time, the "Declaration of Direct Rights") and executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Declaration of Direct Rights are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable VP Issuing Agency Agreement) are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing 
Agent (in the case of VP Notes) and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable VP Issuing 
Agency Agreement) will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing Agent (in the case of VP Notes) as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement (but, in the case of VP Notes, only to the 
extent specified in the VP Issuing Agency Agreement), the Declaration of Direct Rights (in the case of 
Bearer Notes), the applicable VP Issuing Agency Agreement (in the case of VP Notes) and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable 
VP Issuing Agency Agreement). 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
The Notes are in bearer form or, in the case of VP Notes, in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for VP Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated 
Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
70-41074031 
 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
In the case of a VP Note, the person evidenced as the holder of such VP Note by a book entry in 
the book entry system and register maintained by the VP shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent, 
the VP Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Ownership of the VP Notes will be transferred by registration in the register between 
the direct or nominee accountholders at the VP in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
VP from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent, 
the VP Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of the relevant VP Note. 
VP is entitled to provide the Issuer or any person authorised by the Issuer to receive such 
information on its behalf, including, but not limited to, the VP Issuing Agent with information 
about the identity of a Holder of VP Notes at a specified time following a request by the Issuer or 
such authorised person. Such information may include the name, address and other contact details 
of the Holder of the VP Notes, the date of the registration with VP, the amount of VP Notes held 
by such holder and any other relevant account information. 
VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and no global or 
definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
2.1 
Status of the Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.1 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law, including obligations benefitting from preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior 
Notes), from time to time outstanding as regards the right to receive periodic payments on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
70-41074031 
 
(ii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.2 only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute on issue Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any Receipts and/or Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligation or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments 
that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or any 
obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 only applies to Subordinated Notes. The Subordinated Notes (Da. 
Kapitalbeviser) and the Receipts and the Coupons relating to them constitute on issue Tier 2 
Capital. 
The Subordinated Notes and any Receipts and/or Coupons relating to them constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and rank and shall, subject to 
(A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 13(4) (as amended or 
replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) Section 13(5) 
(as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act at all times, 
rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
 pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the share capital of the Issuer, (b) any obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
70-41074031 
 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and creditors 
of the Issuer that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations) and (c) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future claims of creditors that 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes in each 
case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
2.4 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
To the extent that any Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off, netting or counterclaim in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether 
the set-off, netting or counterclaim is effective under any applicable law, if the Noteholder receives 
or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of such set-off, 
netting or counterclaim, such Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an 
amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set-off, netted or counterclaimed. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"BRRD" means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, 
any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive 
resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 
May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD/CRR" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures. 
"CRD Directive" means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD/CRR Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer, as applicable, and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or 
consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards, delegated 
regulations, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the 
European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant Regulator, 
as the case may be. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time.

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
70-41074031 
 
"Danish Recovery and Resolution Act" means the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of 
certain Financial Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to 
time). 
"Danish Bankruptcy Act" means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 1600 of 25 
December 2022, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
"Non-Preferred Senior Obligations" means any unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank 
below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that 
rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance 
with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act. 
"Tier 1 Capital" means capital which is treated as a constituent of tier 1 capital under the 
CRD/CRR and/or the requirements of the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 Capital under the 
CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
3. 
REDENOMINATION 
3.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders on giving 
prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the VP Issuing Agent, the 
VP, as applicable, and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes 
shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, that the then market practice in respect of 
the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) under, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as 
applicable, may determine and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining amounts less 
than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase); and (ii) in the case of Notes 
which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, may approve) 
euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
70-41074031 
 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, may specify 
and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice 
may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes or VP Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding; 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition 3 as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, and as may be 
specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments 
denominated in euro. 
3.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Calculation Amount" is the amount to be determined by the Issuer for the purpose of calculating 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination. 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty;

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
70-41074031 
 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 3.1 (Redenomination) above 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates 
in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Notes with a fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the final 
terms. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (I) in definitive form or (II) VP Notes, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form or of a Fixed Rate Note which is 
a VP Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
70-41074031 
 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Broken Amount(s)" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Determination Date" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
70-41074031 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 5 (Payments) as applicable. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant 
Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
70-41074031 
 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(v) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(vi) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(vii) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and 
selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where:

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
70-41074031 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
70-41074031 
 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 4.2(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
70-41074031 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] × 
365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
70-41074031 
 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no 
such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)), be: 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and 
(b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under 
(A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
70-41074031 
 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 4.2(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 4.2(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For 
this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 4.2(f)(iv) below will 
apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
70-41074031 
 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(A) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website;

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
70-41074031 
 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
70-41074031 
 
(B) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of clause (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
70-41074031 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under Condition 4.2(f)(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect.

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
70-41074031 
 
No later than notifying the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2(f); 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 4.2(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
70-41074031 
 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, 
or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p"

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
70-41074031 
 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, five TARGET Business Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, 
where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4.2(g)(ii) 
above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an 
applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in 
respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate 
was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(g)(ii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination) 
This Condition 4.2(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start 
date;

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
70-41074031 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 4.2(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)) or Condition 4.2(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), as applicable) had been specified instead 
in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for 
the purposes of that definition in Condition 4.2(e) or Condition 4.2(f) (as applicable) shall 
be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, 
in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined 
by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 
4.2(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) shall apply, and (ii) in the case 
of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SOFR, the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) shall 
apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be 
less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
70-41074031 
 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If (i) the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Enforcement 
Events) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become 
due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 4.2(e) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 4.2(f) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 4.2(g) (Interest – 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 4.2(h) (Interest 
– SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the 
Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR 
Compounded Index", if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
70-41074031 
 
Condition 4.2(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
4.2(n)(iii)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will not be liable for 
any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(n)(i)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and 
all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in the 
event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
4.2(n)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Alternative Rate. 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion 
(i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(n)(iv), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt), the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent 
to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.2(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
70-41074031 
 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 4.2(n)(iv) 
shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period 
may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.2(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.2(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)); and 
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments. 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without further enquiry and without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 4.2(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
70-41074031 
 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 4.2(n) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(n)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has 
ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or 
that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) 
such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event 
is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the 
Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the 
date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
70-41074031 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(n), no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant 
to this Condition 4.2(n), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes 
as: 
(i) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Resolution Authority treating a future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(o) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
70-41074031 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
relevant Final Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in 
respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or such other Person 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s)

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
70-41074031 
 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate administered by Danish 
Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (or any other person which takes over administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish kroner for a number 
of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
70-41074031 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2−𝑀1)] + (𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
70-41074031 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any 
person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
70-41074031 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can 
be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference 
Rate" 
means 
EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index/ €STR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term 
Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 
4.2(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
70-41074031 
 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic STIBOR rats can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
4.3 
Rate Reset Provisions 
This Condition 4.3 (Rate Reset Provisions) shall only apply if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest: The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amounts: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each relevant Interest Payment Date (subject as provided 
in Condition 5 (Payments)). 
The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Conditions 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes).

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
70-41074031 
 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide 
it with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(ii) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) 
and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
relevant quotations provided and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period 
will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the 
relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(v) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 4.3(b) (Rate Reset Provisions – Fallbacks), the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be equal to 
the sum of (A) the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date and (B) the relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum 
of (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.3(c) (Rate Reset Provisions – Mid-Swap Rate Conversion) is only 
applicable if Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is specified in the relevant Final Terms. If Mid-
Swap Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest Issuing will be converted from 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms to a basis which 
matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant 
Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading 
financial institution selected by it). 
(d) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each 
Interest Payment Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Agents, each listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of VP Notes, the VP, as

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
70-41074031 
 
the case may be, and the VP Issuing Agent as soon as practicable after such determination. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Notification 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 4.3 (Rate 
Reset Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the VP Issuing Agent (if applicable), the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any 
such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
where: 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4.3(b) (Rate Reset Provisions – Fallbacks) and Condition 4.3(c) (Rate Reset 
Provisions – Mid-Swap Rate Conversion), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date and may be either a fixed rate 
or a floating rate. If a fixed rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Reset Margin. If a floating rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the 
floating rate specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the First Reset Period and the 
First Reset Margin; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based 
on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 4.3(b) (Rate Reset Provisions – Fallbacks), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
70-41074031 
 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on 
such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Margin" means the First Reset Margin and the Subsequent Reset Margin (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date or the Maturity Date as the case may be; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 4.3(b) (Rate Reset Provisions – Fallbacks) and Condition 4.3(c) 
(Rate Reset Provisions – Mid-Swap Rate Conversion), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date and may be either a fixed 
rate or a floating rate. If a fixed rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin. If a floating rate it shall be 
calculated as the sum of the floating rate specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the 
Subsequent Reset Period and the Subsequent Reset Margin. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable 
in respect of such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
70-41074031 
 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices); or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, interest will continue to accrue until the date the holders 
of the VP Notes receive the full amount of such payments. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 5.1 (Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 
(Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in the Condition 5.1 (Method 
of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note 
to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do 
not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 
10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Enforcement 
Events)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
70-41074031 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of VP Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Notes will be made to the persons registered as 
Noteholders on the fifth Danish Business Day (or such other day which may become customary 
on the Danish bond market in respect of VP Notes, which in respect of VP Notes denominated in 
Danish kroner is expected to be the third Danish Business Day) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, all in accordance with the rules and procedures applied 
and/or issued by the VP from time to time. 
As used herein: 
"Danish Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in Denmark; and 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 (Payments) if any amount of 
principal and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments 
of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
70-41074031 
 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Enforcement Events)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the T2 System is open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) 
(e) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(g) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
7 (Taxation).

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
70-41074031 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.2 only applies to Subordinated Notes.  
6.2.1 
Early redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, 
modification, etc.), the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note,) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)), or any material change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Subordinates Notes;  
(b) 
it will no longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of the Danish tax 
for any payment of interest under such Notes; and 
(c) 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such 
change in tax treatment of the relevant Subordinated Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the first Tranche of the Subordinated 
Notes,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.1 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding or, in the case of VP Notes, and including) the date of 
redemption  
6.2.2 
Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, 
modification, etc.), the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if the Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 30 but no 
more than 60 days' notice to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent and, in

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
70-41074031 
 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject 
to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), if a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes results or will result in: 
(d) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital (within the meaning of the CRR) 
of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
reclassification, in whole or in part as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the 
Issuer, 
and the Relevant Regulator considering such change sufficiently certain and the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such exclusion or regulatory 
reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the first tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which such change or reclassification, as applicable, becomes effective. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent 
a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer to so redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that one of the conditions set out above in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
have been satisfied. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption for tax reasons of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 6.3 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, 
modification, etc.), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note,) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent or, 
in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restrictions), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Senior Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
70-41074031 
 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.4 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.4 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, any Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may 
(subject as provided for in Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  
or variation, modification, etc.)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if such 
Notes are Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP 
Issuing Agent (where the VP Issuing Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission 
Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event. Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
6.4 will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding, or, 
in the case of VP Notes, and including) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall deliver to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Issuing Agent is 
not the Issuer) to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (or, in the case of VP 
Notes where the Issuer is the VP Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders 
at its registered office) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject as provided for in 
Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution, or variation, modification, 
etc.)), having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable subject, to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restrictions and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, and in accordance with the rules of the VP, in the case of VP Notes, 
in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
70-41074031 
 
being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.6 
Clean-up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as 
a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 6.5 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the Issuer may (subject as provided for in Condition 6.13 
(Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.)), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to (in the case of Notes other than VP 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent 
is not the Issuer) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in 
such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to but 
excluding the date set for redemption. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6.2.1 (Redemption for tax reasons) and 6.2.2 (Early redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons) above and Condition 9 (Enforcement Events), each 
Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) 
with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price 
or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is 
denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)Y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
70-41074031 
 
6.8 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts). 
6.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, 
modification, etc.), the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time, purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation or, in the case of VP Notes, cancelled by causing such VP Notes to be deleted from 
the records of the VP. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (and subject as provided for in Condition 6.13 
(Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.) in the case 
of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). 
All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 
(Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall (in the case of Bearer Notes) be forwarded to the Agent and cannot (in any case) 
be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 6.2.2 (Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reclassification reasons), 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.2 (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 
6.6 (Clean-up Call Option) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
9 (Enforcement Events) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(c) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices); or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, the date on which holders of the VP Notes received the full 
amount of such payment. 
6.12 
Substitution and variation 
(a) 
This Condition 6.12(a) is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and/or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
(i) 
If the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, subject to Condition 6.13 
(Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  or variation, modification, 
etc.) and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
70-41074031 
 
VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing the Issuer may 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes or, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that: 
(A) 
such Preferred Senior Notes become or remain Qualifying Preferred 
Senior Notes that are Preferred Senior Notes; and 
(B) 
such Non-Preferred Senior Notes become or remain Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes that are Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
(ii) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect 
or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Preferred 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as the case may be. Such 
substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
This Condition 6.12(b) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the 
case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
if a tax event as described in Condition 6.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) 
or a regulatory reclassification as described in Condition 6.2.2 (Early redemption 
for regulatory reclassification reasons) has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
may (subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution,  or variation, modification, etc.)) substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect 
or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge 
to the Noteholders. 
6.13 
Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution, variation, modification, etc. 
Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as applicable) 
pursuant to Conditions 6.2.1 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.2.2 (Early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory reclassification reasons), 6.4 (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification event), 6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 6.6 
(Clean-up Call Option), 6.9 (Purchases), 6.10 (Cancellation), 6.12 (Substitution and variation) or 
14 (Meetings of the Notelholders), as the case may be, if: 
(a) 
in the case of any such variation or modification not covered by Condition 6.13(b) below, 
the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not 
objected to, such variation or modification (as applicable); 
(b) 
in the case of any such (i) variation or modification which, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer, would lead to material changes that would affect the relevant eligibility criteria 
of the Subordinated Notes in the applicable CRD/CRR requirements; or (ii) redemption, 
substitution or purchase or cancellation of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has notified the 
Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has given permission for, such 
redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the 
CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes as at 9 June 2023, are

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
70-41074031 
 
set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical 
standards for own funds requirements for institutions, as amended or replaced from time 
to time) and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been 
withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable); and 
(c) 
in the case of any such, (i) variation or modification which, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer, would lead to material changes that would affect the relevant eligibility criteria 
of the Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; or (ii) redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation of Preferred Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, 
and, the Relevant Regulator has given permission for, such redemption, substitution, 
purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements 
(which, in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as at 9 June 2023, are set out in Articles 
77 and 78a of the CRR and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for 
own funds requirements for institutions, as amended or replaced from time to time)) and, 
if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the 
Relevant Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable). 
If after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Early redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes), 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes), 6.4 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification event), 
6.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 6.6 (Clean-up Call Option), the 
Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission for the relevant redemption before the relevant 
redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant 
redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 6.13 have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction 
described in this paragraph is referred to as the "Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction". 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such variation, modification, 
redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6.13 
will not constitute an event of default or an Enforcement Event under the relevant Notes. 
6.14 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in the Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any reduction, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be written-down, reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period).

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
70-41074031 
 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(a) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of 
the last Tranche of such Series; or 
(b) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of such Series, 
all or part of the outstanding principal amounts of such Series will be excluded from the "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the 
case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" 
(or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) 
being exceeded; 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in 
each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note: 
(i) 
unless sub-paragraph (ii) below applies, the outstanding principal amount of such Note; 
or 
(ii) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note as adjusted from time to time for any 
reduction of the principal amount of such Note required by then current legislation and/or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
each Note. 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations 
in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the 
application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included in such 
Notes); and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); and 
(c) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and 
Outstanding Principal Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); and 
(d) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation); and 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); and

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
70-41074031 
 
(f) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event 
and/or tax reasons in accordance with Condition 6.3; and  
(g) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the interests of the holders of such Notes 
compared to the terms of such Notes provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than 
VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the 
case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), the date such 
variation becomes effective; and 
(h) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (a "Regulated Market") immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) 
such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a 
Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or 
admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a 
Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(i) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation), are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit rating(s) as were 
assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation). 
“Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, at 
any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations 
in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the 
application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included in such 
Notes); and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
and 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and 
Outstanding Principal Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); and 
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation); and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); and  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event 
and/or tax reasons in accordance with Condition 6.3; and

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
70-41074031 
 
(vii) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the interests of the holders of such Notes 
compared to the terms of such Notes provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than 
VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent 
(where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (a) in the 
case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a variation of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), the date such 
variation becomes effective; and 
(viii) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market or (B) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised 
stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected 
by the Issuer; and 
(ix) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation), are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit rating(s) as were 
assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any 
time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the relevant regulator 
in relation to Tier 2 Capital; 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
(c) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and 
Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
(d) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and 
variation); 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
(f) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), be subject to a tax event as described in 
Condition 6.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) or a regulatory reclassification as 
described in Condition 6.2.2 (Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons); 
(g) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
relevant Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation); 
(h) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that 
the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
70-41074031 
 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6.12 (Substitution and variation), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) 
in the case of a variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 6.12 (Substitution 
and variation), the date such variation becomes effective; 
(i) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a 
recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by 
the Issuer; 
"Relevant Regulator" means, in relation to the Issuer, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other authority having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) the Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer. 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
Taxation provisions applicable to Bearer Notes 
All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In the event that withholding or deduction is required by law in respect of payments of interest, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
be equal to the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Denmark; and/or 
(b) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf of, holder of which is liable for such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day)); and/or 
(d) 
withholding as a consequence of the FATCA rules. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
70-41074031 
 
7.2 
Taxation provisions applicable to VP Notes 
All payments in respect of the VP Notes by the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any future or present taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In the event that withholding tax or deduction is required by law in respect of payments of interest, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of VP Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VP Notes in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any VP Note: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Denmark; and/or 
(b) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of which is liable for 
such taxes, or duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such VP Note by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such VP Note; and/or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Payment Day));  
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the holders of the VP Notes, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
7.3 
Taxation provisions applicable to all Notes 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the obligation to pay additional amounts by the Issuer will be limited to 
payments in respect of interest only. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and three years (in 
the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
In the case of VP Notes, claims against the Issuer for the payment of principal and/or interest 
payable in respect of the VP Notes shall become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor and 
thereafter any principal and/or interest in respect of such VP Notes shall be forfeited and revert to 
the Issuer.

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
70-41074031 
 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
9.1 
Enforcement Events 
(a) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Noteholders shall not be entitled at 
any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(i) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer (an "Enforcement Event"), any Noteholder may prove 
or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount of such Note at the time of 
commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together with any 
interest accrued and unpaid on such Note from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence of such Enforcement Event 
and any other amounts payable on such Note (including any damages payable in 
respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 3 
(Redenomination). 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 9.1(a) and without prejudice to Condition 9.1(a)(i), any 
Noteholder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no other events than those set out in this Condition 9 shall 
constitute an Enforcement Event in relation to the Notes. Accordingly, resolution (in 
Danish: “afvikling”) within the meaning of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, or 
suspension of payment and/or delivery obligations (moratorium) pursuant to section 4a of 
the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution Act, in each case in respect of the Issuer 
and/or the Notes, as the case may be, shall not constitute an Enforcement Event in relation 
to the Notes. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
11.1 
Bearer Notes 
The following shall only apply to Bearer Notes: 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
70-41074031 
 
2003/48/EC or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, such Directive; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
11.2 
VP Notes 
The following shall only apply to VP Notes: 
In relation to VP Notes, the Issuer will, in accordance with the rules and procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by VP from time to time, appoint (i) VP as the central securities depositary, and (ii) 
a VP Issuing Agent. The VP Issuing Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of VP or the VP Issuing Agent, as the 
case may be, provided that the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary or issuing 
agent, and in respect of the appointment of another VP Issuing Agent in accordance with the rules 
and procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VP from time to time. The central securities 
depository and the VP Issuing Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication 
in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
70-41074031 
 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding the above, all notices to holders of VP Notes will be valid if given (i) in 
accordance with the procedures of the VP and (ii) in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant VP Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading (and will be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of VP Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given in 
such manner). 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder in respect of Bearer Notes shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or 
Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Notices to be given by any holder of VP Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the VP Issuing Agent. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Holders of Bearer Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modification in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
70-41074031 
 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this 
Condition 14.1 is subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  
or variation, modification, etc.). 
14.2 
Holders of VP Notes 
The VP Issuing Agency Agreement will contain provisions for convening meetings of the holders 
of VP Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of 
votes (as more fully set out in the VP Issuing Agency Agreement) a modification of the VP Notes 
or any of the provisions of the VP Issuing Agency Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by 
a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VP Issuing 
Agent or the holders of VP Notes holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting VP Notes. For 
the purpose of this Condition 14 (Meetings of Notesholders and Modification), "Voting VP Notes" 
means the aggregate nominal amount of the total number of VP Notes not redeemed or otherwise 
deregistered in the VP, less the VP Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence 
over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half 
of the Voting VP Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
holders of Voting VP Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VP Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
VP Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VP Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
VP Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VP Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VP Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the 
holders of VP Notes shall be binding on all the holders of such VP Notes, whether or not they are 
present at such meeting. 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this 
Condition 14.2 is subject to Condition 6.13 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution,  
or variation, modification, etc.). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, the Danish law. 
16.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Denmark are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons 
("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction 
of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
70-41074031 
 
16.3 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers 
For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of the Notes each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to (without limitation) the exercise 
of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, Article 59 
of the BRRD). 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Any delay or 
failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
70-41074031 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, be applied by 
the Issuer for the following: 
a) the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
b) in respect of any Notes which are issued and specified as Green Bonds in the relevant Final Terms, 
to directly or indirectly, finance or refinance Eligible Projects (as defined below) that have been 
evaluated and selected by the Issuer in accordance with the Issuer's Green Finance Framework 
available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.landbobanken.dk/en/ir-english/thebank/policies 
and in effect on the issue date of the Green Bonds.  
For the purposes of the Base Prospectus, "Eligible Projects" are projects within the Green Bond Asset 
Categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address 
above). Such Green Bond Asset Categories are outlined in the Green Finance Framework (available on the 
Issuer’s website at the address above) and currently include those relating to renewable energy, green 
buildings, clean transportation and sustainable management of living natural resources. 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to 
determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Green Finance Framework and issued a second 
party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the Green Finance Framework verifying its credibility, 
impact, and alignment with the International Capital Market Association Green Bond Principles 2021. The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/media/api/content/mediafiles/u4ufhawo/5b09eec0-b7b6-4fdb-a71e-
8e98f3780eb4.pdf. The Issuer may amend, replace or update such Green Finance Framework at any time. 
Any amendments or updates to the Green Finance Framework and any new second-party opinion on the 
Green Finance Framework will be published and will be available on the Issuer’s website at the address 
above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Second Party Opinion shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Potential investors in any Green Bonds should also refer to "RISK FACTORS - Factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme - Risks 
related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes - Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of 
proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or requirements".

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
70-41074031 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab (the "Issuer") is a regional full-service bank. The registered office 
of the Issuer is Torvet 1, DK-6950 Ringkøbing, Denmark and its telephone no. is +45 97 32 11 66. 
On 8 June 2018, Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab merged with another regional bank, Nordjyske 
Bank A/S ("Nordjyske Bank"). The continuing bank is the Issuer, but the Issuer uses a dual branding 
strategy using both names; Ringkjøbing Landbobank and Nordjyske Bank. 
Numbers relating to the Issuer prior to the merger will be referred to as "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
("Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank"). 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had approximately 210,000 customers and a total balance sheet as at 
31 March 2024 of DKK 73.4 billion. 
During 2023, the average number of full-time employees for the Issuer was 653 and the number of full-
time employees as at 31 December 2023 was 661. For the first three months of 2024, the average number 
of full-time employees for the Issuer was 665 and the number of full-time employees at the end of March 
2024 was 666. 
The Issuer's head office is located in Ringkøbing and with a regional office located in Nørresundby. As at 
the end of April 2024 the Issuer had five branches in Central and West Jutland (excluding the head office 
in Ringkøbing), nine branches in North Jutland (excluding the regional office in Nørresundby), one in 
Aarhus and one in Copenhagen. 
Furthermore, the Issuer at the same date had seven private banking branches with one at the head office in 
Ringkøbing, one in Herning located at the branch in Herning in Central Jutland, one located in Aarhus at 
the branch in Aarhus and one in Vejle – both in Eastern Jutland – one located in North Jutland in Hasseris 
(the Aalborg area) at the branch in Hasseris and finally two located on Zealand with one located in central 
Copenhagen and one located in Holte north of Copenhagen. 
The Issuer enjoys a strong position in both Central and West Jutland and in North Jutland with a very high 
degree of customer loyalty in both regions. 
In addition to traditional banking, the Issuer also provides services to selected customer groups throughout 
Denmark from the head office in Ringkøbing. 
The Issuer's market share of bank loans calculated on information as of year-end 2023 is approximately 3-
4 per cent. of the total bank loans in Danish banks. 
History 
The Issuer was founded on 14 April 1886, and its hallmark has always been stability and a sound footing 
in the culture of West Jutland. 
Over recent years, the Issuer's return on equity has been among the best in Denmark and during both the 
Nordic bank crisis in the late 1980s and early 1990s and the financial crisis of 2007-2008 and its aftermath 
the Issuer has always achieved positive results. 
In the period from the mid-1990s to 2006, the Issuer had a growth-oriented strategy which resulted in 
several different initiatives. Around 2012, the Issuer resumed the growth-oriented strategy. 
In 1995, the Issuer established a department for selected customers, focusing on niche businesses such as 
wind turbine financing, the financing of medical practitioners' purchase of private practices and private 
banking. 
In addition, the Issuer opened branches in Central and West Jutland over the years in Herning (in 1995), 
Holstebro (in 1997) and Viborg (in 2001). 
In 2004, the Issuer introduced a private banking concept, a regular private banking department was 
established in Ringkøbing, and a private banking branch was established in Herning in connection with the

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
70-41074031 
 
concept. The concept proved successful and was further strengthened in 2010 with the opening of a private 
banking branch in Holte north of Copenhagen and in 2014 with the opening of a private banking branch in 
Aarhus in Eastern Jutland – the second biggest city in Denmark. This latter branch has over recent years 
expanded with both business customers and private customers. In January 2016, the Issuer opened a private 
banking branch in Vejle in Eastern Jutland and in 2019 a private banking branch was opened in Hasseris 
(in the Aalborg area) in North Jutland. 
In 2002, the Issuer merged with Tarm Bank and, in 2004, the Issuer bought out the activities in the small 
cooperative bank Sdr. Lem Andelskasse. In 2015, it bought out the activities in the small savings bank 
Ulfborg Sparekasse. 
As stated above, the Issuer merged with Nordjyske Bank A/S on 8 June 2018. Nordjyske Bank was a result 
of various mergers and acquisitions and the history of the bank dates back to 1891. In 2015, Nordjyske 
Bank A/S merged with another bank located in North Jutland, Nørresundby Bank A/S, with Nordjyske 
Bank A/S as the continuing entity. 
In June 2021, the Issuer entered into an agreement with Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A., of 
Luxembourg, regarding takeover of a client portfolio from BIL Danmark, branch of Banque Internationale 
à Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg. 
In April 2022, the Issuer entered into an agreement with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (SEB) on a 
strategic partnership in the private banking segment. The agreement also meant that the Issuer opened a 
private banking branch in the SEB building in Copenhagen and at the same time took over a portfolio of 
private banking clients who were previously served by SEB's Danish private banking branch. 
The current strategy of the Issuer is to realise healthy, organic growth which shall be created through an 
increase in the market share in the areas surrounding the existing branches, through the niches in which the 
Issuer has specialised, for example renewable energy, whole sale loans (hereunder first priority financing 
of real property), etc. and the private banking branches of the Issuer. 
Ownership 
The Issuer is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and had 49,809 registered shareholders as at 31 December 2023. 
As of end April 2024, the shareholder Nordflint Capital Partners Fondsmæglerselskab A/S, Denmark 
(Nordflint) has notified the Issuer that Nordflint, as asset manager, has entered into portfolio management 
agreements with investment funds which include authority to exercise voting rights and that, Nordflint has 
acquired a proportion of the Issuer's voting rights which exceeds 5 per cent. of the total voting rights of the 
Issuer. 
According to the Articles of Association each share of nominal DKK 1 carries one vote and a shareholder 
may not cast more than 3,000 votes. 
Business areas 
The range of products offered by the Issuer to its customers includes all traditional banking products to 
both business customers – mostly SMEs – and private customers including pension scheme products and 
mortgage credit loans, which are offered through cooperation with the mortgage companies Totalkredit 
(primarily to private customers) and DLR Kredit (primarily to business customers). 
Furthermore, the Issuer offers banking products to customers within selected niche areas where the Issuer 
maintains specialist knowledge and competencies. The selected niche areas include private banking, the 
financing of medical practitioners' and dentists' purchase of private practices, financing of renewable 
energy, including wind turbines, and selected wholesale loans, hereunder first priority financing of real 
property.

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
70-41074031 
 
Geographical location 
The map below sets out an overview of the loans and guarantee portfolio by customer location as a 
percentage of total bank loans and guarantee portfolio for the Issuer at the end of December 2023. 
  
 
As evident from the map above, there is a geographic diversification of the Issuer's loans and guarantee 
portfolio with the highest concentrations in West, Central and East Jutland (Central Denmark Region), 
North Jutland (North Denmark Region) and in the Copenhagen area (Capital Region of Denmark). 
Management 
As at 30 April 2024, the Issuer's Board of Directors consisted of twelve members and the shareholders of 
the Issuer had elected 41 representatives to a Shareholders' Committee. This Committee has elected eight 
members to the Board of Directors and staff in the Issuer has elected four representatives to the Board of 
Directors. 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer determines that the size of the Shareholders' Committee shall be 
jointly determined by the Shareholders' Committee and the Board of Directors and have a minimum of 37 
and a maximum of 42 members.  
Furthermore, the Articles of Association determines that the Board of Directors shall consist of at least six 
and at most ten members who shall be elected by the members of the Shareholders' Committee. The Board 
of Directors can also include the number of staff members as prescribed by law. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the Issuer's Board of Directors or the Issuer's General 
Management and their private interests or other duties. 
The Board of Directors comprises of the following persons: 
Board members elected by the Shareholders' Committee: 
Martin Krogh Pedersen, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Business address: 
Birkevej 2 
DK-6971 Spjald 
Denmark

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
70-41074031 
 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
KP Components A/S 
KP Components Group A/S 
KP Group Holding ApS 
MHKP Holding ApS 
MHKPO ApS 
MHKPS ApS 
PcP Corporation A/S 
PcP Danmark A/S 
Pensionstilskudsfonden for medarbejdere i Ringkjøbing Landbobank (The supplementary pension fund 
for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank) 
Jacob Møller, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Business address: 
Ndr. Ringvej 4 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Danske Energi- og Forsyningsselskabers Arbejdsgiverforening, DEA 
Elhandelsselskabet af 1. januar 2020 A/S 
Goenergi A/S 
Green Power Denmark 
Holdingselskabet af 6. maj 2015 A/S 
Iron Fonden 
Iron Pump A/S 
Iron Pump Ejendomme A/S 
Iron Pump Holding A/S 
N H Vind 16 ApS 
RAH A.M.B.A. 
RAH Fiberbredbånd A/S 
RAH Holding A/S 
RAH Net A/S 
RAH Service A/S 
Selskabet Solutions af 16. august 2001 A/S 
Vestjyske Net 60 KV A/S 
Vestjyske Net Service A/S 
Morten Jensen, Dronninglund 
Attorney-at-law 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Business address: 
Hasserisvej 174 
DK-9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Advokatfirmaet Børge Nielsen 
AEC-Fonden 
Andersen & Aaquist A/S 
ANS-Fundacion Fonden 
Christine og Poul Goos Fond for Fri Forskning 
Dan Østergaard ApS 
Dansk Facility Service Holding A/S 
DC A/S 
DCH A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Gasværksvej A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Gasværksvej 18 A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Sohngårdsholmsvej A/S

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
70-41074031 
 
Ejendomsselskabet Svinkløv Badehotel A/S 
Ergonomic Solutions International Ltd. 
Ergonomic Solutions Manufacturing A/S 
Ergonomic Solutions Nordic A/S 
Fonden for Dronninglund Kunstcenter 
Havnens Fiskebod A/S 
Hotel Sandvig Havn ApS 
Kjærgaard Nord A/S 
Lundagergaard Holding ApS 
Madera Holding ApS 
Mesterbyg Klokkerholm A/S 
Micodan A/S 
Micodan Ejendomme A/S 
Micodan Holding A/S 
Micodan Norge AS 
Miljø-Art A/S 
P.J. Skovværktøj, Nørresundby ApS 
PL Holding Aalborg A/S 
PM Energi A/S 
RengøringsCompagniets Fond 
Saga Shipping A/S 
Sølund Ejendomsinvest Holding A/S 
Toma Facility Danmark A/S 
Vibeke Emborg Holding ApS 
Vibeke Emborg Invest ApS 
Jon Steingrim Johnsen, Humlebæk 
CEO 
Business address: 
Tuborg Boulevard 3 
DK-2900 Hellerup 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
AIP Mangament P/S 
Axcelfuture 
Dansk Sygeplejehistorisk Fond 
Forca A/S 
Forsikring & Pension 
IIP Denmark P/S 
IIP Denmark GP ApS 
Institutional Holding P/S 
Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change (IIGCC) 
Komplementarselskabet PKA Ejendomme ApS 
Pensionskassen for Farmakonomer 
Pensionskassen for Socialrådgivere, Socialpædagoger og Kontorpersonale 
Pensionskassen for Sundhedsfaglige 
Pensionskassen for Sygeplejersker og Lægesekretærer 
Pensionskassernes Administration A/S 
PKA Ejendomme P/S 
PKA+Pension Forsikringsselskab A/S 
Anne Kaptain, Sæby 
Chief Legal and HR Officer 
Business address: 
Troldholm 8 
DK-9400 Nørresundby 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Kaptain Invest ApS

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
70-41074031 
 
Scandinavian Medical Solutions A/S 
Karsten Madsen, Sæby 
Attorney-at-law 
Business address: 
Østre Havnegade 12 
DK-9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Aktieselskabet Trigon 
Bakkevej Advokatanpartsselskab 
Destination Nord FMBA 
Ejendomsselskabet Møllehuset A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet HjulmandKaptain, Hjørring ApS 
Ejendomsselskabet HjulmandKaptain, Frederikshavn ApS 
Entreprenør Villy Andersen ApS 
Frederikshavn Handelsskole 
Lerbæk Hovedgård A/S 
Lis og Jens Ove Sørensens Fond 
HjulmandKaptain Advokatkomplementaraktieselskab 
HjulmandKaptain Advokatpartnerselskab 
Neptun Holding, Dybvad A/S 
Trigon Holding A/S 
Vaskeriet Neptun Dybvad A/S 
VMS Group A/S 
 
Lone Rejkjær Söllmann, Tarm 
Finance manager 
Business address: 
Tværvej 33 
DK-6880 Tarm 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Tama ApS 
Lene Weldum, Fredericia 
Former manager 
Private address: 
Nørre Alle 3 
Strib 
DK-5500 Middelfart 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Investeringsforeningen BankInvest 
Investeringsforeningen BankInvest Engros 
Kapitalforeningen BankInvest Select 
Scalepoint Technologies Holding A/S 
Scalepoint Technologies Denmark A/S 
Elected by the employees: 
 
Lisa Munkholm, Karup J 
Personal customer adviser 
Business address: 
Gravene 18 
DK-8800 Viborg 
Denmark

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
70-41074031 
 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Finansforbundet Kreds Vest (Financial Services Union Denmark, District West) 
Pensionstilskudsfonden for medarbejdere i Ringkjøbing Landbobank (The supplementary pension fund 
for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank) 
Nanna Gammeljord Snogdal, Tim 
Team leader credit 
Business address: 
Torvet 1 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Martin Wilche, Frederikshavn 
Personal customer adviser 
Business address: 
Vestergade 21 
DK-9300 Sæby 
Denmark 
Finn Aaen, Aalborg 
Business customer advisor 
Business address: 
Torvet 4 
DK-9400 Nørresundby 
Denmark 
The Board of Directors appoints the General Management, which comprises: 
John Bull Fisker, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Member of the board of directors of: 
BI Asset Management Fondsmæglerselskab A/S, Copenhagen (chairman) 
BI Holding A/S, Copenhagen (chairman) 
BI Management A/S, Copenhagen (chairman) 
Foreningen Bankdata, Fredericia (chairman) 
Letpension Forsikringsformidling A/S, Copenhagen (chairman) 
PRAS A/S, Copenhagen 
Pensionstilskudsfonden for medarbejdere i Ringkjøbing Landbobank (The supplementary pension fund 
for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank) 
Claus Andersen, Frederikshavn 
General manager 
Member of the board of directors of: 
Sæbygård Skov A/S, Ringkøbing (chairman) 
Bokis A/S, Copenhagen 
DLR Kredit A/S, Copenhagen 
Lokale Pengeinstitutter, Copenhagen 
Lokale Pengeinstitutters Uddannelsesfond, Copenhagen 
Jørn Nielsen, Ringkøbing 
General manager 
Carl Pedersen, Nørresundby 
General manager 
Member of the board of directors of: 
Vækst-Invest Nordjylland A/S, Aalborg

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
70-41074031 
 
Objective 
The Issuer has defined a number of objectives which are: 
Full-service bank with a high level of competence: The Issuer wants to be known as a competent full-
service bank and a strong niche player within private banking, covering high net worth private customers 
and financing of securities, financing of renewable energy projects, financing of medical practitioners' and 
dentists' purchase of private practices, and selected wholesale loans. This involves a constant focus on the 
development of employee competencies. 
Performance: The Issuer's objective is to achieve operating results among the best third, within the Danish 
financial sector. The Issuer's strategy for achieving this is through rational bank operations and a sound 
credit policy. The Issuer will focus on: 1) retention and development of the customer portfolio which is 
situated in North, Central and Western Jutland; and 2) serving and development of selected customer groups 
throughout Denmark via the niche concepts and the Issuer's Private Banking branches through delivering a 
high level of expertise and competitive products. 
Capital Structure: The Issuer intends to continue to run its business on a solid capital base. The Board of 
Directors have decided the following current long-term capital targets for the Issuer. 
The common targets are: CET 1 capital ratio will be at least 13.5 per cent.; the total capital ratio will be at 
least 17.0 per cent. and the MREL capital ratio for covering the MREL requirement will be at least 26.0 per 
cent., including the capital buffers. 
All capital targets are minimum figures that must be met at the end of the year, as there may be fluctuations 
in the capital ratios over the year. 
The Board of Directors will endeavour to distribute an annual dividend of up to 20 per cent. of the net profit 
for the year as future ordinary profit distribution. Besides the ordinary profit distribution, the Board of 
Directors may initiate share buyback programmes on an ad hoc basis. The programmes will be subject to 
the Board of Directors' prior overall assessment of the Issuer's capital position and capital objectives and 
the management's growth expectations. They are also dependent on the DFSA's approval. 
In the coming years the capital calculation will also be affected by the backstop for NPEs (non-performing 
exposures) which entered into force on 2021 as well as the adoption and implementation of the Basel IV 
CRR/CRD Proposal. As mentioned in the section "Risks related to an increase in the Issuer's capital 
requirements which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects" this will have a negative effect on the capital situation of the Issuer. 
More information about the capital structure etc. can be found in the Annual Report for 2023 of the Issuer 
on pages 16 to 19, 61 and 118 to 119 and in the Q1 2024 Report ended the 31 March 2024 of the Issuer on 
pages 6 to 7, 9, 15 to 16 and 29. 
Overview of financial performance 
The tables below set out an analysis of the Issuer's profit and loss account, balance sheet and certain key 
figures and ratios derived from its financial statements for the years set out below. 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Danish 
Financial Business Act. 
Profit and loss account and balance sheet 
Please see below the audited figures for the whole year 2023 and the unaudited figures for the first quarter 
of 2023 and 2024 for the Issuer. All figures are extracted from the profit and loss accounts and balance 
sheets etc. (in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act / Danish Gaap) of the Issuer. 
Selected main figures from the profit and loss accounts 
The Issuer 
 
Q1 2024 
Q1 2023 
Full year 2023 
 
(million DKK) 
Net interest income .................................................................................. 
688 
544 
2,540 
Net interest and fee income ..................................................................... 
951 
861 
3,566

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
70-41074031 
 
Selected main figures from the profit and loss accounts 
The Issuer 
 
Q1 2024 
Q1 2023 
Full year 2023 
 
(million DKK) 
Value adjustments.................................................................................... 
+112 
-31 
+253 
Staff and administration costs ................................................................. 
240 
222 
939 
Impairment charges for loans and other receivables etc. ...................... 
-0 
-3 
-6 
Profit before tax ....................................................................................... 
811 
595 
2,837 
Profit after tax .......................................................................................... 
616 
455 
2,155 
Total comprehensive income .................................................................. 
616 
455 
2,155 
 
Selected main figures from the balance sheets 
The Issuer 
 
31 March 2024 
31 Dec 2023 
31 March 2023 
 
 
(million DKK) 
 
Loans and other receivables at amortised cost....................................... 
51,417 
50,881 
48,842 
Deposits and other debt including pooled schemes ............................... 
52,824 
52,626 
48,786  
Shareholders' equity ................................................................................ 
10,460 
10,451 
9,310 
Balance sheet total ................................................................................... 
73,438 
73,520 
69,649 
Contingent liabilities ............................................................................... 
6,533 
6,465 
6,993 
Total capital*1 .......................................................................................... 
9,533 
11,188 
9,894 
 _______________  
1 
Capital base is computed as own funds after deductions. 
Key figures for the Issuer 
Selected main figures from 
the balance sheets 
 
The Issuer 
 
 
As at  
31 Mar  
As at  
31 Dec  
As at  
31 Mar  
As at  
31 Dec  
As at  
31 Dec 
As at  
31 Dec  
As at  
31 Dec  
 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019*2 
Pre-tax return on equity (per 
cent.) ........................................ 
7.8 
28.7 
6.4 
20.9 
18.2 
14.5 
16.8 
Return on equity after tax (per 
cent.) ........................................ 
5.9 
21.8 
4.9 
16.6 
14.6 
11.7 
13.2 
Income/cost ratio (DKK)............ 
4.23 
3.87 
3.53 
3.04 
2.69 
2.10 
2.34 
Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) .... 
15.3 
18.9 
16.9 
17.4 
17.6 
17.5 
14.7 
Total capital ratio (per cent.) ...... 
19.2 
23.0 
21.0  
21.6 
22.3 
21.1 
20.0 
MREL capital ratio (per cent.) ... 
27.1 
28.9 
28.5 
28.9 
27.8 
26.7 
27.3 
 _______________  
1 
Key figures as defined by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
2 
The bank's capital and capital ratios were adjusted retrospectively in 2020 for the period from the end of the second quarter of 
2018 to the end of the second quarter of 2020. The adjustment was made because the DFSA advised the bank in 2020 that it 
cannot include the IFRS 9 addition taken over from Nordjyske Bank in the calculation of the transition programme concerning 
IFRS 9. The change had a small effect on the various items presenting the bank's capital and capital ratios. The capital ratios 
under the headline marked with *2 are corrected. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is DKK 26,706,739. 
The Issuer has reduced its share capital once in each of the years 2012 to 2024. 
The Issuer's annual general meeting of 28 February 2024 renewed the Issuer's Board of Directors general 
authority to permit the Issuer to acquire its own shares to a total nominal value of 10 per cent. of the Issuer's 
share capital, so that the shares can be acquired at the current listed price, plus or minus 10 per cent. at the 
time of acquisition. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors decided 31 January 2024 to implement a share buy-back programme 
totalling DKK 1,525 million for cancellation at a future general meeting. The share buy-back programme 
should run from 1 February 2024 up to and including 27 January 2025. Part I of the programme, for DKK 
750 million and a maximum of 1,500,000 shares, will be implemented in the period from 1 February 2024 
to 28 June 2024. Part II of the programme, for DKK 775 million and a maximum of 1,550,000 shares, will 
be implemented in the period from 1 July 2024 to 27 January 2025. If Part I is completed before 28 June 
2024, Part II will be initiated immediately after completion of Part I. In contrast to 2023, where the share

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
70-41074031 
 
buy-back programme was deducted from the bank's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in two rounds, in the 
first quarter of 2023 with DKK 385 million and in the third quarter of 2023 also with DKK 385 million, 
respectively, totalling DKK 770 million in capital reduction by the end of Q3 2023, the total share buy-
back programme of DKK 1.525 million mentioned above has been deducted from the bank's Common 
Equity Tier 1 in full in the first quarter of 2024. 
The Board of Directors can increase the share capital by a nominal amount of DKK 5,341,347 with right 
of pre-emption and a nominal amount of DKK 2,670,673 without right of pre-emption in one or more 
increases until 27 February 2029. 
Loan and guarantee portfolio 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loans and guarantees by sector and industry, as a percentage of the 
Issuer's total loans and guarantees. 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March 
2024* 
As at 
31 December 
2023* 
As at  
31 December 
2022* 
 
(per cent.) 
Public authorities ...................................................................................... 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Business 
 
 
 
Agriculture, hunting and forestry 
 
 
 
      Cattle farming etc. ................................................................................ 
0.9 
1.1 
1.1 
      Pig farming etc. .................................................................................... 
1.1 
1.0 
0.9 
      Other agriculture, hunting and forestry ............................................... 
5.7 
5.5 
4.5 
Fishing ......................................................................................................... 
1.2 
1.2 
1.4 
Industry and raw material extraction ......................................................... 
4.3 
4.0 
3.6 
Energy supply 
 
 
 
 Renewable energy...................................................................................... 
5.4 
5.3 
7.5 
 Other energy supply .................................................................................. 
0.3 
0.2 
0.2 
Building and construction .......................................................................... 
4.7 
4.7 
3.7 
Trade ............................................................................................................ 
4.1 
4.0 
4.1 
Transport, hotels and restaurants ............................................................... 
1.5 
1.4 
1.4 
Information and communication................................................................ 
0.3 
0.2 
0.3 
Financing and insurance ............................................................................. 
12.7 
12.7 
10.8 
Real property 
 
 
 
 First-priority without prior creditors** .................................................... 
14.2 
14.2 
14.4 
 Other real estate financing*** .................................................................. 
4.3 
4.3 
4.3 
Other business ............................................................................................. 
6.5 
6.5 
6.8 
Total business ............................................................................................ 
67.2 
66.3 
65.0 
Private ........................................................................................................ 
32.8 
33.7 
35.0 
Total ............................................................................................................ 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 _______________  
The distribution by sector and industry is based on the sector codes of Statistics Denmark (Da. Danmarks Statistik). 
* 
The figures as at 31 December 2022 as at 2023 are audited, whereas the figures as at 31 March 2024 are unaudited. 
** Loans with first mortgages on real property and construction financing without prior creditors. 
*** Other forms of real estate financing, including loans with second mortgage on real property and a strong lessee with an irrevocable 
lease. 
Funding structure 
The principal source of funding is customer deposits which accounted for 72 per cent. of the total funds 
(Balance Sheet total) at 31 March 2024, 72 per cent. at 31 December 2023 and 71 per cent. of the total 
funds at 31 December 2022. Other sources of funding include equity, subordinated debt and market funding 
(from credit institutions and central banks).

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March  
2024 
As at 
31 December 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
 
(million DKK) 
Equity .......................................................................................................  
10,460 
10,451 
9,295 
Subordinated debt ..................................................................................  
2,040 
2,039 
2,037 
Other liabilities etc. ................................................................................  
1,025 
1,129 
1,125 
Deposits and other debt including pooled schemes ...........................  
52,824 
52,626 
48,700 
- on demand...............................................................................................  
32,078 
33,012 
35,665 
- up to 1 year .............................................................................................  
8,156 
7,621 
4,769 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years .......................................................  
2,684 
2,895 
621 
- more than 5 years ...................................................................................  
3,595 
3,252 
2,672 
Pooled schemes .........................................................................................  
6,311 
5,845 
4,973 
Core funding ............................................................................................  
66,349 
66,245 
61,157 
Credit institutions and central banks ..................................................  
1,910 
2,210 
3,568 
- on demand...............................................................................................  
580 
849 
759 
- up to 1 year .............................................................................................  
557 
569 
1,459 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years .......................................................  
425 
396 
758 
- more than 5 years ...................................................................................  
347 
396 
592 
Issued bonds ............................................................................................  
5,180 
5,064 
4,255 
- on demand...............................................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- up to 1 year .............................................................................................  
1,385 
1,101 
628 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years .......................................................  
2,950 
3,562 
2,450 
- more than 5 years ...................................................................................  
844 
401 
1,177 
Market funding .......................................................................................  
7,090 
7.274 
7,823 
Total Funds (Balance Sheet total) ........................................................  
73,438 
73,520 
68,980 
 _______________  
Please note that values may not add up to totals because of rounding. 
The funding structure by the end of March 2024, December 2023 and December 2022 is shown in the table 
below. 
Distribution of funding 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March  
2024 
As at 
31 December 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Capital base (equity and subordinated debt) .............................................  
17 
17 
16 
Other liabilities ...........................................................................................  
1 
2 
2 
Deposits and other debt ..............................................................................  
72 
72 
71 
Debt to credit institutions – term to maturity over 1 year. .......................  
1 
1 
2 
Debt to credit institutions – term to maturity under 1 year ......................  
2 
2 
3 
Issued bonds – term to maturity over 1 year .............................................  
5 
5 
5 
Issued bonds – term to maturity under 1 year ...........................................  
2 
1 
1 
Total ............................................................................................................  
100 
100 
100 
 
As seen from the table below, the Issuer had as at 31 March 2024, debt to credit institutions and issued 
bonds of DKK 2,522 million which expire within the next 12 months. This is more than covered by claims 
on central banks, other credit institutions and listed securities (also as seen from the table below): 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March  
2024 
As at 
31 December 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
 
(million DKK) 
Debt to credit institutions and central banks – term to maturity under 1 
year...........................................................................................................  
1,137 
1,418 
2,218 
Issued bonds – term to maturity under 1 year ...........................................  
1,385 
1,101 
628 
Total ............................................................................................................  
2,522 
2,519 
2,846 
Cash in hand and demand deposits with the central bank of Denmark...  
4,612 
4,914 
4,750

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
70-41074031 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March  
2024 
As at 
31 December 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
 
(million DKK) 
Receivables from credit institutions – term to maturity under 1 year .....  
286 
243 
776 
Listed bonds, shares and investment funds certificates at fair value.......  
7,367 
8,181 
6,812 
Total ............................................................................................................  
12,265 
13,338 
12,338 
Excess cover ...............................................................................................  
9,743 
10,819 
9,492 
 _______________  
Please note that values may not add up to totals because of rounding. 
As per the table above, the Issuer had excess coverage of approximately DKK 10.8 billion at the end of 
December 2023 and DKK 9.7 billion at the end of March 2024. 
Risks and risk management 
The Issuer is exposed to various types of risks in connection with its operations: credit risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk, hereunder AML risk and IT risk and market risk. The Issuer's total market risk is comprised 
of interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, share risk and property risk. 
The Issuer's general policy with respect to assumption of risks is that the Issuer only assumes risks which 
it considers to be within a moderate risk profile and which are in accordance with the business principles 
under which the Issuer is run, and which the Issuer possesses the expertise to manage. 
The general policy for management and monitoring of the various risks is that there must be both central 
control and central monitoring as well as reporting to the Issuer's General Management and Board of 
Directors. The management function and the control and reporting functions are separate, and the tasks in 
question are performed by different departments in the Issuer's central staff functions. 
The section below contains a description of the various credit and market risks which should be read in 
conjunction with the Annual Report for 2023 and the Q1 2024 Report for the three months ended 31 March 
2024 for the Issuer which contains specific numbers. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that payments owed to the Issuer are judged not to be collectable because 
of certain customers' lack of ability or willingness to pay at the agreed time. 
The Issuer assumes credit risks on the basis of a policy, the objectives of which are to ensure a balance 
between risks assumed and the return gained by the Issuer, the maintenance of losses at an acceptable level 
relative to the Danish financial sector. 
Historically, the "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank has always had a sound and conservative credit policy, 
and for the Issuer the focus will remain on the credit policy and ensuring an efficient management and 
monitoring of the Issuer's total portfolio of loans and guarantees via its central credit department. 
Actual net losses 
The table below documents the performance of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank's and the Issuer’s credit 
policy, i.e. actual net losses prior to and after the merger with Nordjyske Bank A/S on 8 June 2018. 
Over the years the "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank accumulated a reserve for loan losses and provisions 
for losses on guarantees which amounted to approximately DKK 931 million by the end of 2017. This was 
established as the impairment charges included in the statement of income were higher than the actual net 
losses shown in the table below. 
In connection with the merger in 2018, the loss write-off policy of Nordjyske Bank was harmonised to the 
loss write-off policy of the Issuer whereby actual losses exceeded the impairment charges included in the 
statement of income. The harmonisation continued in 2019 and partly in 2020.

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
70-41074031 
 
The total cumulative impairment charges for loans and other receivables, provisions for losses on 
guarantees and unutilised credit facilities of the Issuer was at the end of March 2024 total DKK 2,355 
million. 
The table below focuses on the actual losses of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank and the Issuer providing a 
fair picture of the historic real losses of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank. 
Actual net losses on loans and guarantees in DKK thousands 
Year 
Actual net 
losses 
Actual net 
losses after 
interest 
Loans and 
other debtors 
with 
suspended 
calculation of 
interest 
Impairments 
for loans and 
provisions for 
guarantees 
Total loans, 
guarantees, 
impairments 
and provisions 
for guarantees 
Percentage 
loss before 
interest* 
Percentage 
loss after 
interest* 
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1987 ..............................................  
-6,696 
304 
10,544 
75,000 
1,358,464 
-0.49% 
0.02% 
1988 ..............................................  
-14,205 
-5,205 
4,522 
93,900 
1,408,830 
-1.01% 
-0.37% 
1989 ..............................................  
-18,302 
-5,302 
13,107 
117,270 
1,468,206 
-1.25% 
-0.36% 
1990 ..............................................  
-15,867 
-1,867 
47,182 
147,800 
1,555,647 
-1.02% 
-0.12% 
1991 ..............................................  
-11,429 
3,571 
47,626 
170,000 
1,805,506 
-0.63% 
0.20% 
1992 ..............................................  
-32,928 
-14,928 
43,325 
177,900 
1,933,081 
-1.70% 
-0.77% 
1993 ..............................................  
-27,875 
-6,875 
30,964 
208,700 
1,893,098 
-1.47% 
-0.36% 
1994 ..............................................  
-14,554 
4,446 
33,889 
223,500 
1,938,572 
-0.75% 
0.23% 
1995 ..............................................  
-10,806 
10,194 
27,292 
238,800 
2,058,561 
-0.52% 
0.50% 
1996 ..............................................  
-19,802 
-1,802 
18,404 
233,400 
2,588,028 
-0.77% 
-0.07% 
1997 ..............................................  
-31,412 
-12,412 
39,846 
236,600 
3,261,429 
-0.96% 
-0.38% 
1998 ..............................................  
-2,914 
18,086 
4,905 
263,600 
3,752,602 
-0.08% 
0.48% 
1999 ..............................................  
-442 
21,558 
18,595 
290,450 
5,148,190 
-0.01% 
0.42% 
2000 ..............................................  
-405 
27,595 
12,843 
316,750 
5,377,749 
-0.01% 
0.51% 
2001 ..............................................  
-8,038 
20,962 
14,222 
331,950 
6,113,523 
-0.13% 
0.34% 
2002 ..............................................  
-8,470 
20,530 
26,290 
382,850 
7,655,112 
-0.11% 
0.27% 
2003 ..............................................  
-22,741 
2,259 
23,412 
394,850 
8,497,124 
-0.27% 
0.03% 
2004 ..............................................  
-14,554 
9,446 
18,875 
404,855 
11,523,143 
-0.13% 
0.08% 
2005 ..............................................  
-22,908 
192 
35,796 
357,000 
15,522,264 
-0.15% 
0.00% 
2006 ..............................................  
-13,531 
7,028 
20,578 
295,000 
17,858,787 
-0.08% 
0.04% 
2007 ..............................................  
-15,264 
4,888 
13,190 
289,097 
19,227,573 
-0.08% 
0.03% 
2008 ..............................................  
-34,789 
-10,237 
22,110 
356,083 
16,475,975 
-0.21% 
-0.06% 
2009 ..............................................  
-73,767 
-47,658 
62,649 
467,025 
14,890,027 
-0.50% 
-0.32% 
2010 ..............................................  
-69,428 
-40,207 
66,237 
565,035 
14,758,234 
-0.47% 
-0.27% 
2011 ..............................................  
-78,813 
-43,073 
61,419 
649,856 
14,448,638 
-0.55% 
-0.30% 
2012 ..............................................  
-90,022 
-48,337 
113,312 
758,363 
14,849,602 
-0.61% 
-0.33% 
2013 ..............................................  
-69,030 
-25,117 
85,258 
853,421 
16,604,640 
-0.42% 
-0.15% 
2014 ..............................................  
-53,427 
-9,206 
58,244 
931,398 
18,073,200 
-0.30% 
-0.05% 
2015 ..............................................  
-87,250 
-48,815 
74,220 
942,950 
20,194,063 
-0.43% 
-0.24% 
2016 ..............................................  
-86,666 
-54,200 
59,904 
937,128 
20,878,475 
-0.42% 
-0.26% 
2017 ..............................................  
-45,769 
16,414 
24,995 
931,035 
23,465,775 
-0.20% 
-0.07% 
The Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2018 ..............................................  
-251,451 
-200,376 
209,642 
2,040,407 
43,220,158 
-0.58% 
-0.46% 
2019 ..............................................  
-187,787 
-118,934 
212,195 
2,031,645 
47,161,735 
-0.40% 
-0.25% 
2020 ..............................................  
-120,051 
-60,373 
264,721 
2,204,620 
48,257,615 
-0.25% 
-0.13% 
2021 ..............................................  
-49,541 
71 
97,757 
2,283,320 
53,680,913 
-0.09% 
0.00% 
2022 ..............................................  
-42,658 
6,401 
81,176 
2,302,171 
58,213,791 
-0.07% 
0.01% 
2023 ..............................................  
-36,968 
26,626 
119,789 
2,334,589 
59,534,652 
-0.06% 
0.04% 
2024 (1 January to 31 March) .....  
5,000 
20,463 
73,503 
2,355,244 
60,131,777 
0.01% 
0.03% 
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank / 
the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37-year average (1987-2023) .  
 
 
 
 
 
-0.46% 
-0.06% 
10-year average (2013-2023) .  
 
 
 
 
 
-0.28% 
-0.14% 
 _______________  
*Actual net losses relative to total loans, guarantees, impairment charges for loans and provisions for losses on guarantees, unutilised 
credit facilities and loan undertakings. 
Explanation: The percentage losses are computed as the actual net losses for the year before and after interest on the impaired part of 
loans as a percentage of total loans, guarantees, impairments for loans and provisions for guarantees. 
A minus in front of a percentage loss indicates a loss, while a positive percentage loss means that the interest on the impaired part of 
loans was greater than the actual net losses for the year. All the above figures are computed exclusive of amounts concerning reverse 
repo transactions and the national Bank Package I etc. 
The 10-year average and the 37-year average are calculated as simple averages.

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
70-41074031 
 
Supplementary comments on actual net losses in 2018, 2019 and 2020: In connection with the merger in 2018, the two banks' 
impairment policies for losses were harmonised. In 2018 this resulted in full and partial impairment losses on exposures taken over 
from Nordjyske Bank. This harmonisation continued to a lesser extent in 2019 and partly in 2020. 
Credit concentration 
The Issuer is focused on its credit concentration. The benchmark for large exposures in the DFSA's 
Supervisory Diamond ("Supervisory Diamond") is calculated as the sum of a bank's 20 largest exposures 
relative to its CET 1 capital with a limit value of less than 175 per cent. 
 
The Issuer 
 
31 March 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Total Large Exposures ................................................................  
130.6 
116.9 
118.0 
 
Credit approval process 
The credit approval process is relatively centralised. There is a specific limit for credit approval defined for 
each employee which means that the employee in direct contact with the customer is able to approve minor 
credits. Medium sized credits/exposures can be approved by the branch manager whereas large 
credits/exposures need approval by the central credit department and/or by credit committees with General 
Management representation. Very large credits/exposures above a certain limit need approval from the 
Board of Directors. 
Samples of the credits approved are regularly and primarily taken by the central credit control department 
and subsequently, as the case may be, by the risk department to make sure the quality of the credit process 
is satisfactory (i.e. that collateral has been sufficiently ensured, the financial situation of the customer is 
well analysed and the customer has a reasonable ability to service the loans and in accordance with the 
credit policy of the Issuer). Furthermore, credits are audited by both the internal auditor and the external 
independent auditor of the Issuer on a regular test basis, and the credit approval process is also audited by 
the internal auditor of the Issuer. 
Credit monitoring and management 
All large credits are regularly reviewed. The Issuer collects accounts from all customers organized as 
limited liability companies as well accounts for a huge number of other customers. These accounts are 
analysed by the central credit department at least once a year and more frequently for large customer and 
customers where the potential risk of default is increased. 
In addition, surveys are conducted of the rest of the customer base. The samples of customers are selected 
randomly as well as by specific criteria such as overdraft, large exposures and specific types of credits 
which the Issuer expects to have an increased probability of default. 
For every customer with an increased probability of default a plan of action is defined by the customer 
advisor. These plans are approved and monitored by the central credit department. 
The Board of Directors receive quarterly reporting of the credit risks. 
Criteria for credit approval 
In general the Issuer focuses on the following characteristics in the credit approval process: 
• 
First priority security and/or other strong collateral; 
• 
Steady income/cash flow stream; and 
• 
Long-term relationship. 
The criteria above are also important to the niche areas of the Issuer. The niche areas have a clear preference 
for credits with low margin and low risk in comparison to more risky credits with a higher margin.

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
70-41074031 
 
The niche areas include: 
• 
Loans to finance renewable energy (wind turbines and solar plants and biogas plants): The Issuer 
is primarily focused on wind turbines erected onshore primarily in Denmark and Germany and 
other European countries and solar plants primarily in Denmark and bio gas plants in Denmark, 
where the Issuer grants first priority loans and/or loans without prior creditors. Wind turbines and 
solar plants erected in Germany are of particular interest to the Issuer, as the government in 
Germany has guaranteed a subsidy, which supplements the market-based electricity price. 
Historically the Danish government also has guaranteed a subsidy for both wind turbines, solar 
plants and biogas. Also new wind turbines, solar plants and biogas plants are of interest - as these 
are often based either on long term power purchase agreements or on a firm subsidy which is set 
in a subsidy tender process and fixed before the construction phase of the project is initiated. 
• 
Financing of medical and dental practitioners' purchase or establishment of private practices and 
dentists' purchase or establishment of private practices: The establishment of a private medical 
practices is a highly regulated area in Denmark and the income inflow of a medical or dental 
practitioner is relatively stable compared to most other service trades. 
• 
Selected wholesale loans: Wholesale loans relate primarily to real property loans comprising of 
loans secured by a first mortgage on property and/or loans without prior creditors and/or loans 
secured by a second mortgage on property combined with a lessee that is considered by the Issuer 
to be financially in good credit standing according to internal evaluation criteria of the Issuer and 
with an irrevocable lease. In the context of second mortgage financing, the Issuer places importance 
on the project's ability to settle the debt prior to the expiration of the lease. 
• 
Private Banking: Traditional private banking with a focus on assets under management and other 
aspects of optimising the customers' assets, including the financing of securities. 
The valuation of security is highly dependent on the business sector. In general, the Issuer calculates a value 
which allows the owner to earn a reasonable rate of return. The rate of return is adjusted over time to reflect 
changed lending costs as well as return on alternative investments. The valuations of private houses are 
based on an assessor valuation as well as external property valuation models. 
Credit risk on financial counterparties 
Exposures to financial counterparties, and therewith a credit risk, (including settlement risk) arise in 
connection with the Issuer's trading in securities, foreign currency and derivative financial instruments, the 
Issuer's loans to other banks and the Issuer's possession of bonds and payment handling. Settlement risk is 
the risk that the Issuer will not receive payment or securities corresponding to the securities and/or payments 
which the Issuer had made and delivered in connection with the settlement of trades in securities and/or 
currency. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors grants lines for credit risks and the settlement risks against financial 
counterparties. When granting lines, account is taken of the individual counterparty's risk profile, rating, 
size and financial circumstances, and there is constant follow-up on the lines which are granted. 
The Issuer's policy is to keep the credit risk exposure to financial counterparties at a balanced level relative 
to the Issuer's size, and to credit institutions with good credit quality. 
Cash in hand and claims on central banks and credit institutions 
One of the two major items concerning the credit risk exposure to financial counterparties is credit balances 
with central banks and credit institutions. The Issuer has assumed only a moderate risk on this item, and for 
the Issuer the total receivables from central banks and credit institutions, 100 per cent. as at 31 December 
2023 was thus due on demand, and the percentage as at 31 March 2024 was also 100 per cent.

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
70-41074031 
 
The bond portfolio 
The second of the two major items concerning the credit risk with financial counterparties is the Issuer's 
bond portfolio. For the Issuer the distribution of bonds by rating classes was as at 31 December 2023: 
Bonds distributed by rating classes  
As at 
31 December 
2023 
 
(per cent.) 
Aaa/AAA........................................................................................................................................................................  
82 
Aa1/AA+ ........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Aa2/AA ..........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Aa3/AA- .........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
A1/A+ .............................................................................................................................................................................  
1 
A2/A ...............................................................................................................................................................................  
1 
A3/A- ..............................................................................................................................................................................  
3 
Baa1/BBB+ ....................................................................................................................................................................  
1 
Baa2/BBB ......................................................................................................................................................................  
2 
Baa3/BBB- .....................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Ba1/BB+- .......................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Ba2/BB ...........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Ba3/BB-- ........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Not rated .........................................................................................................................................................................  
10 
Total ...............................................................................................................................................................................  
100 
 _______________  
Explanation: The bond portfolio distributed by rating classes. Ratings from the credit rating bureaus Moody's Investors Service, 
Standard & Poors and Fitch were used in the specification. If an issue has more than one rating, the lowest is used. 
The majority of the bond portfolio consists of AAA-rated mortgage credit bonds. To this should be added a 
portfolio of corporate bonds etc. The credit quality of the bonds in the corporate bonds portfolio is good, but 
their market value can vary over time in connection with general changes in credit spreads in the market, 
and company-specific circumstances can also affect the value of these bonds. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the ability of the Issuer to ensure the availability of appropriate cash funds to meet 
its payments obligations, stemming from mismatches between the maturities of assets and liabilities, and 
the liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Issuer's activities and in the management of its 
operations. 
It is the objective of the Issuer that the budgeted liquidity meets the current LCR requirement for a period 
of at least 12 months and to maintain sufficient liquidity for a stress scenario by means of recovery plans 
for a period of at least 12 months. 
The daily liquidity is managed by the Issuer's accounts department and regularly reported to the Board of 
Directors and the General Management and the risk department controls the reporting. 
The Issuer's assets are funded from a range of sources, primarily the Issuer's deposits, by taking up longer-
term loans with other credit institutions, issuing preferred and non-preferred senior capital (MREL capital), 
by joint funding (bond issues) of the Issuer's home loans, via the subordinated capital taken up by the Issuer, 
and, finally, the Issuer's equity. 
The Issuer's deposit base consists of core deposits and deposits from customers with a long-term 
relationship with the Issuer. The Issuer has also entered into longer-term bilateral loan agreements with 
various European business partners. 
It should be noted that the Issuer's funding situation is not comprised such that the Issuer is dependent on 
the individual business partners. 
To ensure diversification in funding, the Issuer also has an EMTN bond programme of EUR 2 billion. The 
programme helps to ensure alternative funding sources for the bank, and funds were also raised under the 
programme in 2023.

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
70-41074031 
 
The Issuer has joint funding agreements with Totalkredit / Nykredit. The agreement means that the Issuer 
can procure liquidity by letting Totalkredit / Nykredit issue SDO bonds against security in the loans, which 
the Issuer has provided to customers with security in real property. 
As at 31 March 2024 the value of the Issuer's deposits (excluding pooled schemes) and equity exceeded the 
value of the Issuer's loans by DKK 5.6 billion. In addition, part of the loan portfolio for renewable energy 
projects was refinanced back-to-back with KfW Bankengruppe, and DKK 0.8 billion can be disregarded in 
terms of liquidity. 
The Issuer's short-term funding (debt to credit institutions and centrals banks and issued bonds) with a time 
to maturity of less than 1 year was by the end of March 2024 DKK 2.5 billion, corresponding to DKK 12.3 
billion primarily placed in short-term investments in the central bank of Denmark and in liquid securities 
(please refer to the section titled "Description of the Issuer – Funding Structure"). 
In terms of liquidity, the Issuer must comply with both the Liquidity Coverage Requirement ratio ("LCR 
Ratio") and the Net Stable Funding ratio ("NSFR"). 
The LCR Ratio expresses the ability of banks to honor their payment obligations for a 30-day period without 
access to market funds. The LCR Ratio is computed as the ratio of a bank's cash and cash equivalents / 
liquid assets to its payment obligations for the next 30 days as computed in accordance with specific rules. 
The minimum LCR requirement for both systematically important financial institutions ("SIFI") and for 
non-SIFI banks (the Issuer is a non-SIFI bank) is that the LCR Ratio must be at least 100 per cent. On 31 
December 2023 the Issuer's LCR Ratio was 254 per cent. and on 31 March 2024 the LCR Ratio was 202 
per cent. and the Issuer thus met the requirement. 
In the Supervisory Diamond the LCR benchmark show the ability of banks to survive stressed liquidity for 
a three-month period with a limit of more than 100 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2023 the Issuer's LCR three-month liquidity, which must exceed a limit value of 100 
per cent., was 225 per cent. and as at 31 March 2024 it was 183 per cent. 
The NSFR requirement is part of EU regulations and aims to ensure that financial institutions have 
sufficient long-term funding for their activities. The NSFR is calculated in percent as the ratio of total 
available stable funding to total required stable funding. The statutory requirement is that the ratio must 
exceed 100 per cent. The Issuer's NSFR was 123 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 118 per cent. as at 
31 March 2024. 
For data on the funding structure please see the financial description as well as the Annual Report 2023 
page 10 and the notes to the Annual Report 2023 for the Issuer and on page 5 to 6 of the Q1 2024 Report 
for the three months ended 31 March 2024 of the Issuer. 
Operational risk (non-financial risks) 
Operational risks comprise various risks. The operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect 
financial losses because of faults in internal processes and systems, human errors or external events. 
Operational risk also includes risks related to money laundering and financing of terrorism, IT risks, data 
processing risks, etc.  
The risk of money laundering and financing of terrorism is defined as the inherent risk that the bank may 
be abused for money laundering and financing of terrorism. Another non-financial risk is the risk of non-
compliance with financial sanctions. 
IT risk is defined as risks associated with the Issuer's systems and data, including cyber security, compliance 
with data ethics, the integration and adequacy of the Issuer's IT systems, dependence on external factors, 
including outsourcing, and with the Issuer's organisation, including ineffective separation of functions. 
The current capital adequacy rules require among other things banks to quantify and include an amount for 
operational risks when computing their capital adequacy.

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
70-41074031 
 
The Issuer uses the so-called basic indicator method, where, on the basis of calculation of an average of the 
most recent three financial years' net incomes, a sum is quantified and added to the total risk exposure to 
cover the Issuer's operational risks. 
The Issuer regularly registers the losses and events which are attributed to operational risks. These 
registrations are used as the basis for an assessment of whether procedures etc. can be adjusted and 
improved in order to avoid or minimise any operational risks. The Issuer's procedures are regularly 
reviewed and assessed by the Issuer's internal and external auditors. In addition, the Issuer conducts 
thematic reviews of selected business areas, identifying and assessing the potential risk scenarios for each 
area and subsequently adjusting the Issuer's procedures etc. accordingly. 
Combating money laundering, etc. 
An important area under non-financial risks is the risk that the Issuer can be abused for money laundering 
or financing of terrorism. The Issuer wants to contribute to combating any form of money laundering and 
financing of terrorism etc. The Issuer is required to maintain high standards for combating money 
laundering and financing of terrorism and to monitor and comply with financial sanctions. 
The Issuer has implemented internal procedures, controls, monitoring etc. to help comply with applicable 
rules in the area. The Issuer also regularly provides in-service training in combating money laundering and 
financing of terrorism for its employees. 
IT risks 
IT supports a large part of the systems and tools used by both the Issuer's customers and its employees. IT 
security is therefore an important element in the assessment of the Issuer's operational risks. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors sets and formulates the requirements regarding the Issuer's IT risks in the 
IT risk management policy. The policy is the foundation of the Issuer’s work with IT risks and its IT security 
policy. The IT security policy states how the Issuer manages IT security and ensures that the risk level 
complies with the risk profile requested by the Board of Directors. 
Part of the work with IT risks and their management is an annual risk analysis performed by the Issuer’s IT 
security department to assess the Issuer’s IT risks. The analysis is based on the IT and outsourcing risks 
identified and registered by the Issuer. The register contains an assessment of risks based on the probability 
and consequences of different risks – before and after mitigating measures. The risk analysis made is 
presented in a heatmap, which documents the Issuer’s risk profile in terms of IT and outsourcing risks. 
As part of this work, the IT security department reorganised the IT security management to the ISO 27001 
framework in 2023. By selecting a framework like ISO 27001, the Issuer makes use of a well-developed, 
best practice framework which is acknowledged internationally and deals with all aspects of IT security. 
The Issuer thereby obtains a “connecting thread” through all its primary IT security documents. In 
connection with the reorganisation, the Issuer also prepared for the implementation of the forthcoming 
DORA regulation. 
The Issuer’s suppliers of IT systems are assessed annually to check whether they comply with the 
requirements of the outsourcing agreement entered into. The outsourcing suppliers’ compliance with the 
outsourcing agreement is monitored regularly, including the receipt of reports on the stability of operations 
and handling of IT security. 
Based on the above, the Board of Directors annually updates and approves the above-mentioned two 
policies. 
The Issuer's IT organisation and management regularly decide on the IT preparedness plans made. 
Preparedness exercises are carried out regularly to ensure that the Issuer is able to handle events that may 
arise. 
The Issuer's IT risk management policy, IT security policy and IT preparedness plans apply to all aspects 
of its use of IT, including IT that is fully or partly outsourced. These requirements apply to the Issuer's 
internal IT organisation as well as its primary external IT supplier Bankdata, which the Issuer owns together 
with a number of other banks, and JN Data, which is a supplier to Bankdata and responsible for the daily 
operations.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
70-41074031 
 
Data processing 
It is a high priority for the Issuer that customer data are processed and kept confidential in conformity with 
the applicable rules on data processing (GDPR).. The Issuer's Board of Directors has therefore adopted a 
data ethics policy. The policy supplements the Issuer's systems and procedures. The policy, systems and 
procedures are all designed with the aim of ensuring correct and confidential processing of customer data. 
Market risks 
Market risk is defined as the risk that the market value of the Issuer's assets and liabilities will change 
because of changes in market conditions. The Issuer's basic policy with respect to market risks is that the 
Issuer wishes to keep such risks at a moderate level. 
The Issuer has determined concrete exposures limits for each type of market risk, and the risk assessment 
includes the objective that there must be a sensible and balanced relationship between risk and return. 
The Issuer uses derivatives to hedge and manage the various market risk types to the extent to which the 
Issuer wishes to reduce or eliminate, the market risks which the Issuer has assumed. 
To supplement the more traditional measures of market risk, the Issuer has a mathematical/statistical model 
to compute market risks. The model is used to compute Value at Risk ("VaR"), which is regularly reported 
to the Issuer's management. VaR is a measure of risk which describes the Issuer's risk under normal market 
conditions. 
An isolated VaR figure is calculated for interest rate positions, foreign exchange positions and listed share 
positions etc., and a total VaR figure is also calculated for all of the Issuer's market risks consisting of 
interest rate positions, foreign exchange positions and listed share positions etc. as the effect of 
diversification. This possibility of calculating a total VaR figure for the Issuer's market risks is one of the 
major advantages of the VaR model compared with more traditional measures of risk. 
More information about the VaR model can be found in the Annual Report for 2023 for the Issuer on pages 
10, 93 and 97 to 98 and on page 5 of the Q1 2024 for the three months ended 31 March 2024. 
Interest rate risk 
The Issuer's loan and deposit business and accounts with credit institutions are mostly entered into on a 
variable basis. The Issuer also has certain fixed interest financial assets and liabilities, and hedging 
transactions are entered into as needed with a consequent reduction of the interest rate risk. 
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a moderate interest rate risk, and thus the Issuer does not assume high 
levels of exposure to movements in the interest level. 
The Issuer's interest rate risk is monitored and managed daily by the Issuer's securities department and the 
Issuer's accounts department controls maintenance of the limits for assumption of interest rate risk, and 
reports to the Issuer's Board of Directors and General Management. 
As will be evident from the below table, "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank and the Issuer has had a moderate 
interest rate risk over the last five years in accordance with the Issuer's policy for this type of risk. 
Date 
Interest 
rate risk 
 
(per cent.) 
30 June 2019 ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
0.8 
31 December 2019 ............................................................................................................................................................. 
0.9 
30 June 2020 ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
1.2 
31 December 2020 ............................................................................................................................................................. 
1.1 
30 June 2021 ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
1.1 
31 December 2021 ............................................................................................................................................................. 
0.4 
30 June 2022 ...................................................................................................................................................................... 
0.3 
31 December 2022 ............................................................................................................................................................. 
0.7 
30 June 2023  ..................................................................................................................................................................... 
0.5 
31 December 2023  ............................................................................................................................................................ 
0.5 
31 March 2024 ................................................................................................................................................................... 
0.9

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
70-41074031 
 
 _______________  
Explanation: The interest rate risk shows the impact on profit of a one percentage point change in interest rate level as a percentage 
of the Tier 1 capital. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Issuer's principal currency is Danish kroner, but the Issuer has also entered into lending and deposit 
activities in other currencies. 
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a low foreign exchange risk, so the Issuer reduces its exposures in foreign 
currencies via hedging. 
The Issuer's positions in foreign exchange are managed daily by the foreign department, while the Issuer's 
accounts department monitors maintenance of limits and reports to the Board of Directors and General 
Management. 
The Issuer's foreign exchange risk has been at an insignificant level over the last five years. 
 
The Issuer 
 
31 March 
31 
December 
31 
December 
31 
December 
31 
December 
31 
December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Foreign exchange position(*1) ..................... 
1.4 
 
0.6 
 
1.1 
1.5 
0.1 
1.4 
Foreign exchange risk(*2) ............................ 
0.0 
 
0.0 
 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
 _______________  
(*1) Foreign exchange position is defined as foreign exchange indicator 1 in per cent. of Tier 1 capital according to the definitions of 
the official key figures from the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
(*2) Foreign exchange risk is defined as foreign exchange indicator 2 in per cent. of Tier 1 capital according to the definitions of the 
official key figures from the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Share price risk 
The share price risk is the risk of losing money as a result of declining share prices of companies in which 
the Issuer owns shares. 
The Issuer co-owns various sector companies via equity interests in BI Holding A/S (BankInvest), Bokis 
A/S, DLR Kredit A/S, Letpension Holding A/S, PRAS A/S and others. 
The sector companies can be seen as a way of outsourcing a number of services while the Issuer still keeps 
an interest through its ownership stake in the companies. Larger banks typically provide these services 
through wholly owned subsidiaries, and the equity interests are thus not deemed to be a part of the Issuer's 
share risk as the positions are primarily held as alternatives to wholly owned subsidiaries. The Issuer also 
holds a small portfolio of listed shares etc. 
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a moderate share price risk. The daily management of the Issuer's share 
portfolio is undertaken by the securities department, while monitoring of the lines and reporting to the 
General Management and the Board of Directors are performed by the accounts department. 
The Issuer has maintained a moderate exposure to share price risk during recent years. 
Date 
Share 
exposure 
 
(per cent.) 
31 December 2019 ........................................................................................................................................................  
0.7 
31 December 2020 ........................................................................................................................................................  
0.6 
31 December 2021 ........................................................................................................................................................  
0.4 
31 December 2022 ........................................................................................................................................................  
0.5 
31 December 2023  .......................................................................................................................................................  
0.5 
31 March 2024 ..............................................................................................................................................................  
0.6

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
70-41074031 
 
 _______________  
Explanation: The share exposure is computed as the Issuer's portfolios of shares (excluding sector shares and bond-based investment 
fund certificates) as a percentage of the Issuer's equity. 
Value at Risk 
The Issuer's total Value at Risk as at 31 December 2023 was DKK 14.4 million. This sum relates to the 
maximum loss from a statistical perspective which the Issuer could risk losing with 99 per cent. probability 
if all market positions were retained unchanged for a period of 10 days. 
VaR summary 2023 (million DKK) – The Issuer (Audited figures) 
Average  
Lowest 
Highest 
End of 
year 
Risk 
VaR 
Figure 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
figure 
Interest ........................................................................................................  
30.4 
8.6 
63.8 
16.3 
Foreign exchange .......................................................................................  
0.2 
0.2 
1.1 
0.3 
Share price..................................................................................................  
5.6 
2.8 
8.9 
5.2 
Diversification ...........................................................................................  
-5.3 
-7.9 
-2.0 
-7.4 
Total VaR figure ......................................................................................  
30.9 
9.0 
65.2 
14.4 
 _______________  
* 
Determined by the total VaR figure 
As shown from the table, the Issuer's total VaR figure throughout 2023 varied from DKK 9.0 million to 
DKK 65.2 million with an average of DKK 30.9 million. The variation over time reflects the fact that the 
Issuer regularly adjusts the size of its market positions, and that the risk in the financial markets varies over 
time. 
The Issuer's total Value at Risk at 31 March 2024 was DKK 15.5 million. This sum relates to the maximum 
loss from a statistical perspective which the Issuer could risk losing with 99 per cent. probability if all 
market positions were retained unchanged for a period of 10 days. 
VaR summary 1 January – 31 March 2024 (million DKK) - The 
Issuer (unaudited figures) 
Average 
Lowest 
Highest 
End of 
period 
Risk 
VaR 
Figure 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
Figure 
Total VaR figure .......................................................................................  
15.2 
12.6 
17.5 
15.5 
 _______________  
* 
Determined by the total VaR figure 
As shown from the table, the Issuer's total VaR figure throughout the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 
March 2024 varied from DKK 12.6 million to DKK 17.5 million with an average of DKK 15.2 million. 
The variation over time reflects the fact that the Issuer regularly adjusts the size of its market positions, and 
that the risk in the financial markets varies over time. 
Property risk 
The Issuer primarily intends to possess only properties for use in banking operations, and also to maintain 
low property risks. 
The Issuer's portfolio therefore mainly consists of domicile properties, plus investment properties which 
represent an extremely modest proportion of both the Issuer’s balance sheet total and its equity (domicile 
and investment properties totalled 0.3 per cent. of total assets and 2.0 per cent. of shareholders' equity at 31 
March 2024).

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
70-41074031 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's state and of the Issuer's state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
Danish Taxation 
The following is a general summary description of Danish taxation of the Notes according to the Danish 
tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following 
assumes that the holder of the Notes is the beneficial owner of the Notes and payments thereon. The 
following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers 
in securities) may be subject to special rules. The following cannot replace actual tax counselling. Potential 
investors are strongly recommended to obtain tax counselling from a competent tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
The existing Danish tax laws apply no general withholding tax or coupon tax to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in consolidated Act No. 1241 of 22 August 2022 on corporate 
taxation (in Danish "Selskabsskatteloven") as amended from time to time. This will not have any impact on 
Noteholders who are not in a relationship whereby they directly or indirectly control, or are controlled by, 
the Issuer, or where the Noteholders and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control by a group 
of shareholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including individuals who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar 
enterprises resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent 
establishment in Denmark are liable to pay Danish tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable for individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Consolidated Act No. 
1390 of 29 September 2022 capital and exchange gains (in Danish "Kursgevinstloven"), as amended from 
time to time. Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a 
mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on an unrealised basis. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally taxed once the gain or loss is realised. The 
net gains are taxed as capital income at a rate of up to 42 per cent in 2024. However, this rate does not apply 
if the individual is considered a professional financial trader. The gain or loss will only be included in the 
taxable income when the net gain or loss for the year on all debt claims, debt denominated in foreign 
currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment funds subject to the minimum taxation 
exceeds a total of DKK 2,000 (2024 level). 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Consolidated Act No. 12 of 6 January 2023 on Taxation 
of Pension Investments Returns (in Danish "Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven"), as amended from time to 
time, would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value increase or decrease in the fair market 
value of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet") as specifically 
laid down in the act. Such net return is generally taxed at a flat rate of 15.3 per cent. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholders 
are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt 
in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above. Thus no Danish withholding tax 
will be payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
70-41074031 
 
retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in 
respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or 
included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent 
establishment to which the Notes are allocated. 
FATCA 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the 
"ICSDs"), it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect 
of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent and the Common Depositary, given that each of the entities 
in the payment chain beginning with the Issuer and ending with the ICSDs is a major financial institution 
whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA. Any alternative approach introduced under an 
intergovernmental agreement will be unlikely to affect the securities. The documentation expressly 
contemplates the possibility that the securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be 
taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to 
withholding. However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
70-41074031 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 24 May 2024, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than 
one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which 
case the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such 
Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has also 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) nor any 
person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to the Notes and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: If the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto (or are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
70-41074031 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation: If the applicable Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
70-41074031 
 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer represents and agrees that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
70-41074031 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the Consolidated Danish Act No. 198 of 26 February 2024 on Capital Markets, as amended 
from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 
2022, as amended from time to time, to the Danish Financial Business Act to the extent applicable. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service de gestion de portefeuille 
pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, acting 
for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or 
delivered and will not advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian 
Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian 
Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her 
trade, business or profession. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
70-41074031 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
70-41074031 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The current update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 24 April 2024. 
Listing, Approval and Admission of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. The listing of the Programme is 
expected to be granted on or before 24 May 2024. 
Documents Available 
(a) 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection at https://www.landbobanken.dk/en: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with a direct English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The 
Issuer currently prepares audited non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each 
case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer 
currently prepares unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements on a quarterly 
basis; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Declaration of Direct Rights and the forms of the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of each VP Issuing Agency 
Agreement relating to VP Notes of the relevant Series will be available for inspection from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the VP Issuing Agent for the time being (save that a VP 
Issuing Agency Agreement relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the VP Issuing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system (including the VP) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the VP are the entities in charge of 
keeping records.

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
70-41074031 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, and the address of VP is Weidekampsgade 14, PO Box 4040, DK-2300, 
Copenhagen S, Denmark. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 March 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months before the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial 
position or profitability. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (state-
authorised public accountants), who have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification, in accordance 
with Danish Standards on Auditing for the financial years, which ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 respectively. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. The audited 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023 have been prepared in accordance with provisions of the Danish Financial Business Act. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is a member of "FSR Danske 
Revisorer", the Danish Association of State Authorised Public Accountants. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
Yield 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue 
price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 2138002M5U5K4OUMVV62. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.landbobanken.dk/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
70-41074031 
 
ISSUER 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
Torvet 1 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Danish law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Platanvej 4 
DK-7400 Herning 
Denmark 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor 
The Exchange 
George's Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden