--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
70-41019139 
 
 
RINGKJØBING LANDBOBANK AKTIESELSKAB 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Ringkjøbing 
Landbobank Aktieselskab (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Under the Programme, Notes issued by the Bank may be dated and with a ranking as described in Condition 
2.1 (Status of the Preferred Senior Notes) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" ("Preferred Senior 
Notes"), dated and with a ranking as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" ("Non-Preferred Senior Notes"), and dated, subordinated and, on 
issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") ("Subordinated Notes").  
This Prospectus supersedes any previous prospectus, offering memorandum, programme memorandum, 
information memorandum or any amendments or supplements thereto. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of 
the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
(each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. Notes 
may be issued in (a) uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form ("VP Notes") cleared through VP 
Securities A/S ("VP") or (b) bearer form ("Bearer Notes").  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from 
the date of approval.  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID II") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any 
member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. 
Applications have been made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof to listing on the official list ("Official List") of Euronext Dublin and to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.  
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. References 
in this Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and have been admitted to the Official List.

--- Page 2 ---
10203670954-v25 
- ii - 
70-41019139 
 
Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue 
price of Notes for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set 
out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms"). 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global note or a permanent 
global note which will be deposited on the issue date thereof with the common depository or, as the case may 
be, common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearing system. The VP Notes of each Tranche 
will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form as more fully described in the "Form of 
the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"), among others with a 
Long Term Issuer Rating of A1 and a Long Term Deposit Rating of Aa3. Moody's is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). Accordingly, the Issuer's ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors 
Service Limited, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the Issuer's ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Where a certain Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Please also refer to "Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" in 
the Risk Factors section of this Prospectus.  
Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA ("ESMA Benchmarks Register") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "Important Notices 
– EU Benchmarks Regulation" on page vi of this Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea 
Nykredit Bank 
SEB 
The date of this Prospectus is 29 June 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
10203670954-v25 
- iii - 
70-41019139 
 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) or (in 
the case of VP Notes) the specified office of VP Issuing Agent (as defined below). 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Save for the Issuer, no party has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable

--- Page 4 ---
10203670954-v25 
- iv - 
70-41019139 
 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including France, 
Belgium and Denmark), the UK and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling

--- Page 5 ---
10203670954-v25 
- v - 
70-41019139 
 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or 
drawdown prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars and 
to "Danish Kroner" and "DKK" as relevant refer to Danish Kroner. In addition, all references to 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling and to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. Further, all references to "Norwegian Kroner" 
and "NOK" refer to Norwegian Kroner and "Swedish Kroner" and "SEK" refer to Swedish Kroner. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the

--- Page 6 ---
10203670954-v25 
- vi - 
70-41019139 
 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rates may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the registrar 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 7 ---
10203670954-v25 
- vii - 
70-41019139 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ........................................................................................................................ 1 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................. 6 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................... 24 
Form of the Notes ....................................................................................................................................... 26 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................... 29 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................ 40 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 84 
Description of the Issuer ............................................................................................................................. 85 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................... 107 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................... 109 
General Information ................................................................................................................................. 114 
Index of Defined Terms............................................................................................................................ 116

--- Page 8 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 1 - 
70-41019139 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set 
out under "Risk Factors" below and include credit risk arising 
primarily from direct lending activities, interest rate risk arising from 
changes in interest rates, share risk arising from investment of assets 
in shares, foreign-exchange risk arising from changes in exchange 
rates, liquidity risk arising from cash fund availability, property risk 
arising from a decline in the value of the Issuer's portfolio of domicile 
and investment properties, operational risk such as inadequate or 
failed internal processes and other risks such as maintaining minimum 
capital requirements. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a

--- Page 9 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 2 - 
70-41019139 
 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent (Bearer 
Notes): 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be 
redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions applicable to any such 
redenomination are contained in Condition 4 (Redenomination). 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer or, in the case of VP Notes, in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, as more fully 
described in "Form of the Notes". 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
1. 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
2. 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
 
3. 
by reference to LIBOR, CIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR or 
NIBOR as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 3 - 
70-41019139 
 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
Reset Notes: 
The rate of interest in respect of Reset Notes will change on the 
relevant Reset Dates. The revised rate of interest may be either a Fixed 
Rate or a Floating Rate for the relevant Reset Period.  
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
 
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7.14 (Consent to early 
redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc.), if MREL 
Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, early redemption of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes in whole (but not in part) is permitted upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in 
Condition 7.4 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event). 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Furthermore, the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above.  
 
Substitution and 
variation of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes: 
In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and if the MREL 
Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution 
or variation etc.) if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and 
is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that 
they become or remain Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as

--- Page 11 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 4 - 
70-41019139 
 
described in Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes). 
Substitution and 
variation of 
Subordinated Notes: 
In the case of Subordinated Notes and if a tax event as described in 
Condition 7.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) or a regulatory 
reclassification as described in Condition 7.2.2 (Early redemption for 
regulatory reclassification reasons) has occurred and is continuing, the 
Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution or variation etc.), at its option, substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
such Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of such Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes. 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Preferred Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Preferred Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10.1 (Events of Default 
relating to Preferred Senior Notes). 
 
Status of the Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
The Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
 
Status of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes). 
 
Status of Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will be subordinated as described in 
Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VP and/or such other 
clearing system(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Rating: 
Where a certain Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to listing the Official List and to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
 
 
Applications may be made to list VP Notes on Nasdaq Copenhagen. 
Any such applications will be in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations governing the listing of VP Notes on Nasdaq Copenhagen 
from time to time. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Danish law. The Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global 
Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons

--- Page 12 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 5 - 
70-41019139 
 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
The Agency Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for  the provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders of a Series to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally, which are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, Danish law. The Declaration of Direct Rights is 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, Danish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including France, 
Belgium and Denmark), the UK and Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 6 - 
70-41019139 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Issuer is regulated by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "DFSA") which ensures a 
regulatory environment comparable to the regulatory environments of other Western European banks. 
In the course of its business activities the Issuer is exposed to a variety of risks. 
The Issuer's general policy with respect to assumption of risks is that the Issuer only assumes the risks, 
which are in accordance with the business principles under which the Issuer is operated, and which the 
Issuer possesses the expertise to manage. For an outline of how the Issuer manages risk please see 
"Description of the Issuer – Risks and risk management" which also is referred to in relation to the risk 
factors set out in this section. 
Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects 
The business activities and performance of the Issuer are dependent on the level of banking, finance and 
financial services required by its customers. In particular, levels of borrowing are dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, the state of the economy, the housing market and market interest rates at 
the time. As the Issuer currently conducts the majority of its business in Denmark, its performance is 
influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Denmark, which is in turn affected by 
both domestic and international economic and political events. 
A negative development in the general economic conditions in Denmark and across the world, such as a 
downturn in the economy, an increase in unemployment in Denmark or a reduction in the value of housing 
and other collateral provided to the Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the wide-spread global pandemic of the infectious disease COVID-19 has 
been influencing the world for over one year, however various vaccines have been developed. A lot of 
countries therefore have started up vaccine programmes, including Denmark. However, it has been decided 
to remove the Johnson and Johnson and Astra Zeneca vaccines from the official Danish vaccination 
program, which means that the previous projection of 85 per cent. of the adult population being fully 
vaccinated by early August must be expected to be delayed into the autumn. 
The impact on the general economic condition caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess. 
During 2020, the Issuer’s credit impairments amounted to DKK 223 million (compared with impairments 
100 million during 2019), driven by an increased management’s estimate in 2020 due to, among other 
things, COVID-19. The increased provisioning reflects the expected loan impairments incurred at macro 
level due to the changed macroeconomic outlook but not yet reported and identified at single exposure 
level. Furthermore, the Issuer may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effect of the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future outbreaks. The future effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are 
still difficult to assess, and it is possible that it can have further negative effect on the Danish economy and 
other economies where the Issuer operates in. These affects may also take place in case of any possible 
future outbreaks.

--- Page 14 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 7 - 
70-41019139 
 
Any of the factors above could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects. This means that there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer 
losses from the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally that may be 
material in amount and which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects, including credit and liquidity risk as described in the risk factors 
below ("Credit risk" and "Liquidity risk").  
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that payments owed to the Issuer are judged not to be collectable because 
of certain customers' lack of ability or will to pay at the agreed time. 
The Issuer generally assumes risks on the basis of a credit policy, the specified objective of which is to 
maintain an appropriate balance between risks assumed and the return gained by the Issuer and to keep the 
Issuer's losses at a relatively low level when compared to the losses in the Danish financial sector.  
The Issuer has a relatively large exposure to financing of renewable energy but considers this to be a low 
risk exposure. The exposure can be characterised as first priority financing of various renewable energy 
plants placed primarily in Denmark and Germany (please refer to the section titled "Description of the 
Issuer – Criteria for credit approval"). 
The Issuer is exposed to the agricultural sector in Denmark and may suffer losses that may be material in 
amount in relation to this sector. During recent years, the agricultural sector has experienced difficult 
conditions. In 2020 the situation deteriorated as a result of an outbreak of African swine fever in Eastern 
Germany especially for farmers producing and selling pig lets to Germany. Also the situation for Danish 
mink farmers changed dramatically in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19, where the herds on all mink farms 
were culled. However all the mink farmers either have or will receive a compensation for the closing down 
of their farms. In 2021, there has been solid increases in the prices paid to pig producers in the first quarter 
of the year. Generally the agricultural sector in Denmark is still characterised by a high debt burden. 
Although the Issuer uses more conservative principles for valuation than the official DFSA guidelines, and 
still has significant loss reserves relating to loans to the agricultural sector, there can be no assurance that 
the Issuer will not suffer more losses. 
The Issuer has an exposure to fisheries. At the end of 2020, the EU and the UK entered into a long-expected 
Brexit agreement. Elements in the Brexit trade agreement may have a negative effect on  businesses 
customers. Several of the Issuer’s fisheries customers are thus expected to be negatively affected by the 
agreed cuts in fishing quotas. The EU has apparently allocated funds to cushion the financial consequences 
on the fisheries. How the individual skippers will be compensated and how such compensation will be 
implemented is still uncertain. The bank’s exposure to fisheries amounted to 1.7 per cent. of net loans and 
guarantees at the end of March 2021. 
The Issuer also has exposure to the real property sector, which generally falls within the following two 
categories: 
(i) 
Loans with first mortgages on real property and construction financing without prior creditors. This 
types of loans accounts for approximately 75 per cent. of the Issuers real property loan portfolio 
(end March 2021). The LTV is calculated on the basis of the cash flow generated from the real 
property. The Issuer uses stress-tests where the resistance against decrease in rental income and 
increase in yield is tested. 
(ii) 
Other  real property loans/financing. Some of these loans are with a second mortgage on real 
property and a strong lessee with an irrevocable lease and with scheduled repayment within the 
expiry of lease agreements. For the latter loans, sizes for such financing are calculated in the basis 
of cash flow analysis of the properties and a detailed examination of the financial status of the 
lessee and the investors. 
The Issuer considers the real property portfolio to be well positioned against down turns in the real estate 
sector. However, an increased down turn in the real estate sector or an increase of the interest rate may 
affect the Issuer negatively. 
The Issuer has set up a number of principles and procedures to manage the external and internal risks, which 
it is exposed to. However, notwithstanding the principles and procedures that the Issuer has put in place,

--- Page 15 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 8 - 
70-41019139 
 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from credit risk in the future that may be 
material in amount. 
Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk refers to the ability of the Issuer to ensure the availability of appropriate cash funds to meet 
its payments obligations, stemming from mismatches between the maturities of assets and liabilities, and 
the liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Issuer's activities and in the management of its 
operations. 
It is the objective of the Issuer with respect to liquidity management, that the budgeted liquidity meets the 
current LCR requirement for a period of at least 12 months and to maintain sufficient liquidity for a stress 
scenario by means of recovery plans for a period of at least 12 months. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from liquidity risks in the future 
that may be material in amount. 
After the merger described in the section "Description of the Issuer", the value of the deposits and other 
debt including pooled schemes now is at a more balanced level compared to the value of loans and other 
receivables, thereby resulting in a reduction in the dependence on market funding, but the Issuer will still 
use this type of funding source whenever valued to be suitable. As at 31 March 2021 the value of deposits 
and other debt including pooled schemes exceeded the value of loans and other receivables by approx. DKK 
4.6 billion. Furthermore, a part of the loan portfolio, DKK 1.2 billion, for renewable energy projects is 
financed back-to-back with KfW Bankengruppe. 
However, because the Issuer receives a significant portion of its funding from deposits, the Issuer is subject 
to the risk that depositors could withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay 
their loans, thus causing a strain upon the Issuer's liquidity. 
A dislocated credit environment compounds the risk that the Issuer, in such a situation, will not be able to 
access funds at favourable rates. These and other factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view 
of the Issuer's liquidity, which could result in less favourable credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and less 
accessible funds. 
An inability on the Issuer's part to access funds, or to access the markets from which it raises funds, may 
put the Issuer's position in relation to its liquid assets at risk and lead it to its inability to finance its 
operations adequately.  
Operational risk hereunder IT risk and money laundering risk etc. 
The operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect financial losses because of faults in internal 
processes and systems, human errors or external events. Operational risks also include the risks related to 
IT risk and cyber security risk and the risk that the Issuer's business could be abused for money laundering 
or the financing of terrorism etc.  
Operational risk can arise from human errors, system faults, breakdown of IT systems and insufficient or 
defective internal procedures or external events. Operational risk also includes risk pertaining to reputation 
and strategy as well as conduct and legal risk. Examples of operational risk incidents for financial 
institutions such as the Issuer are highly diverse and include fraud or other illegal or unethical conduct, 
failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report 
incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, 
inadequate documentation, insufficient data quality, errors in transaction processing, system failures, as 
well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel.  
The Issuer's business and other activities are dependent on highly advanced IT systems. The Issuer may be 
the target of malicious hacking with consequences in the form of shutdown of individual or all IT systems. 
Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may be, inter alia, financial losses, business disruption, inability 
to issue bonds, inability to service payments on time, loss of data or other sensitive information. The Issuer 
cannot ensure that errors, failures, interruptions or breaches as a result of fraud or human error or omissions 
will not occur.

--- Page 16 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 9 - 
70-41019139 
 
During the operations of the Issuer, the Issuer processes a large number of transactions. The Issuer is under 
the processing of such transactions subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on 
conduct of business, anti-money laundering, data protection and economic and financial sanctions.  
The Issuer's operational risk is handled by way of a setup of office procedures and controls, as well as IT 
contingency plans. If any of these procedures and controls fail, there can be no assurance that it will not 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation, result in regulatory investigations or sanctions 
being imposed and the Issuer may suffer of financial losses. This in turn could also have a material adverse 
effect on the relevant Issuer's reputation, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Market risks  
Market risk is defined as the risk that the market value of the Issuer's assets and liabilities will change 
because of changes in market conditions. The Issuer's basic policy with respect to market risks is that the 
Issuer wishes to keep such risks at a low to moderate level depending on the risk type which is reflected in 
the risk management system as described in the business description. 
The Issuer's total market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, share risk and property 
risk. 
Interest rate risk etc. 
Interest rate risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk arises 
both in interest-bearing claims and liabilities as well as in derivatives. 
Despite systems in place there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from interest rate 
risk in the future that may be material in amount. 
In relation to corporate bonds and mortgage backed bonds, their market value can vary over time in 
connection with general changes in credit spreads in the market, and company-specific circumstances can 
also affect the value of such bonds. 
Share risk 
The Issuer invests some of its assets in shares, which are generally subject to greater risks and volatility 
than bonds. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from share risks in the future 
that may be material in amount. 
Foreign-exchange risk 
Exchange rate changes could negatively impact the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
not suffer losses from foreign-exchange risks in the future that may be material in amount. 
Property risk 
A decline in the value of the Issuer's portfolio of domicile and investment properties could negatively 
impact the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from property risks in the 
future that may be material in amount. 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer's capital requirements which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
The regulatory framework for the Issuer's capital requirements is based on the CRR and the CRD (as 
implemented in Denmark) and consists of three pillars: 
• 
Pillar I, inter alia, contains a set of rules for calculating the capital requirement (8 per cent. of the 
risk exposure amount for credit risk, market risk and operational risk) also referred to as the 
minimum own funds requirement. 
• 
Pillar II, inter alia, describes the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (the "ICAAP") 
framework and the supervisory review. The ICAAP determines the individual solvency need.

--- Page 17 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 10 - 
70-41019139 
 
• 
Pillar III, inter alia, deals with market discipline and sets forth disclosure requirements for risk and 
capital management and the individual solvency need 
Individual solvency need 
Pursuant to Executive Order No. 2155 of 3 December 2020 on Calculation of Risk Exposures, Own Funds 
and Solvency Need, banks are required to publish their individual solvency need each quarter. The 
individual solvency need (including the additional own funds requirement) is the capital considered 
sufficient to cover the group's risks. The solvency need  is calculated on the basis of the requirement under 
Pillar I plus a supplement for requirements under Pillar II. Pillar II reflects any uncertainty relating to the 
risk models, and the capital level is subject to ongoing qualitative adequacy assessments. The additional 
own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at 
least 75 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, competent authority may require that the institution fulfils 
its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution). 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
Currently, the Issuer is subject to a combined capital buffer requirement comprising of two elements 
(referred to collectively as the "combined buffer"): (i) the capital conservation buffer and (ii) the institution-
specific countercyclical buffer. The capital conservation buffer was fully implemented by 1 January 2019 
where a 2.5 per cent. requirement applied and still apply to the Issuer (all are stated as a percentage of the 
overall risk exposure and must be met through the Common Equity Tier 1 capital). The countercyclical 
capital buffer was reduced from 1 per cent. to 0 per cent. on 11 March 2020 as a result of unrest in the 
financial markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Systemic Risk Council published a press release on 
22 June  2021 recommending to reactivate the countercyclical capital buffer at a rate of 1.0 per cent from 
30 September 2022. Unless risk build-up in the financial system slows down considerably, the Systemic 
Risk Council expects to recommend a further increase of the buffer rate to 2.0 per cent by the end of 2022. 
The Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided on 24 June 2021 to reactivate the 
countercyclical capital buffer at a rate of 1.0 per cent from 30 September 2022. At the date of this Prospectus, 
it is not possible to predict the future development of the countercyclical capital buffer in Denmark or 
whether the systemic risk buffer will apply in Denmark. 
CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment Directive 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019 (the "CRR Amendment Regulation") and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
7 June 2019 (the "CRD Amendment Directive") introduce, among other things, a leverage ratio 
requirement of 3 per cent. Tier 1 Capital, harmonised binding requirement for stable funding (the "Net 
Stable Funding Ratio" or "NSFR") on 100 per cent., strengthening of the conditions for use of internal 
models and changes to the relevant regulator's application of the institution specific "Pillar II" capital add-
ons (referred to above as the additional own funds requirements). The CRR Amendment Regulation and 
CRD Amendment Directive entered into force on 27 June 2019. The date of application of the new rules 
varies from the date of their entry into force and 12 months to four years after their entry into force. 
According to According to Act no. 2110 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, the Recovery and 
Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of the Act on 
Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as result of the revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V) and 
the Resolution and Recovery Directive (BRRD II) etc.) of 22 December 2020 ( the "Danish 
BRRDII/CRDV Act"), the rules implementing the CRD Amendment Directive into Danish law have, with 
certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 December 2020. At the date of this Prospectus, it is still 
uncertain whether (and if so to what extent) the CRR Amendment Regulation and the CRD Amendment 
Directive will impose additional capital, liquidity and/or leverage requirements on the Issuer, which in turn 
may affect the Issuer's capacity to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 11 - 
70-41019139 
 
EBA continues to develop rules 
The European Banking Authority ("EBA") will continue to propose detailed rules through binding technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including the CRR, the 
CRR Amendment Regulation, the CRD and the CRD Amendment Directive. As a consequence, the Issuer 
is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes. Given the uncertainty of the exact wording of the 
technical standards, they could potentially lead to a reduction in the regulatory capital or an increase in the 
REA of the Issuer. 
Basel III: Finalising post-crisis reforms 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee issued a publication titled: "Basel III: Finalising post-crisis 
reforms" (informally referred to as the "Basel IV"). The publication includes, among other things, a number 
of changes to and restrictions for credit institutions using internal models. As a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Basel Committee released a statement on 27 March 2020 with a one year deferral to the 
implementation timeline of Basel IV. 
The Basel IV framework includes a number of different requirements. The Issuer believes that the most 
important component for it is the introduction of a so-called capital floor requirement for credit institutions 
applying internal ratings-based risk models. The capital floor requirement entails that a credit institution 
will be subject to a minimum capital requirement across risk types (credit, market and operational risk) of 
72.5 per cent. of the capital requirement calculated according to the standardized approach. According to 
the Basel IV framework, a minimum capital requirement of 50 per cent. will apply to the Issuer as early as 
2023 and will gradually increase until fully implemented in 2028. The recommendations are expected to 
have a limited impact on the Issuer's capital. The specific impact of Basel IV depends on the EU 
implementation. 
The capital requirements applicable to the Issuer are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number 
of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable of calculation 
by investors. There can be no assurance that any of the minimum own funds Pillar I requirements, additional 
own funds requirements or buffer capital requirements applicable to the Issuer will not be amended in the 
future to include new and more onerous capital requirements. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy its respective regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements 
and other requirements, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory 
intervention or sanctions or significant reputation harm, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Additional risk factors 
The risk factors mentioned above are managed and controlled by the Issuer's systems and procedures. In 
addition the Issuer is directly or indirectly exposed to a number of other risks which directly or indirectly 
may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations. These risks include: 
Exposure against the Eurozone  
The Issuer's foreign-exchange exposure is, to a large extent, hedged. However, an economic breakdown in 
the Eurozone is likely to have a significant effect on the economic situation all over Europe, and is likely 
to affect the Danish economy as well. The Issuer may subsequently suffer losses in connection with such 
events, which may be in a material amount. 
Changed market conditions for niche products 
A significant proportion of the Issuer's income is generated from its niche areas (such as financing of 
renewable energy and real estate, private banking and the financing of medical practitioners' purchase of 
private practices) and a change or downturn in market conditions might affect these niche areas and 
accordingly may have a material effect on the financial condition of the Issuer. 
General regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation which may affect each Issuer's 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets

--- Page 19 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 12 - 
70-41019139 
 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Denmark 
and (to the extent applicable) the European Union. Regulatory risk is the risk that changes in supervision 
and regulation applicable to the Issuer, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer's 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or 
other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, which 
could lead to civil liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or the revocation of the licence, 
permission or authorisation to conduct the Issuer's business in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to 
review standardised approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together 
with a proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for banks using internal models) 
(see "Risks related to an increase in the Issuer's capital requirements etc. which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects" above). 
Risks relating to the Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund which 
may result in the Issuer to incur additional costs 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a "Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme") have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable 
to customers of financial services firms in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or 
unlikely to pay, claims against it. In many jurisdictions, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes are funded, 
directly or indirectly, by financial services firms, which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant 
jurisdiction.  
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, Danish banks, such as the Issuer, undertake to 
cover losses incurred on covered deposits held with distressed banks. The Danish Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme fund's capital must amount to at least 0.8 per cent. of the covered deposits of Danish banks. 
The Danish Guarantee Scheme fund is currently fully funded. If the fund subsequently does not have 
sufficient means to make the required payments, extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent. of the 
individual institution's covered deposits or covered cash funds, as applicable, may be required. In the case 
the fund's capital falls below two-thirds of the minimum amount (0.8 per cent. of covered deposits), the 
Danish Guarantee Scheme must reach the target level again within six years. 
In addition, the Issuer contributes to the Danish resolution fund established as the Danish resolution 
financing arrangement under the BRRD, which fund's capital must amount to 1.0 per cent. of the covered 
deposits of Danish banks.  
The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds 
across different EU countries may exceed the minimum levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 
2014/49/EU (the "Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive") and in EU Regulation no. 806/2014 
and EU Regulation no. 81/2015 of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (the latter of which will be 
relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the Banking Union and Single Resolution Mechanism).  
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features and the principal risks attached thereto: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
At any time upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant series of Notes) 
(i) a change in tax law pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), (ii) a change 
in tax law pursuant to Condition 7.3 (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes

--- Page 20 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 13 - 
70-41019139 
 
only), (iii) a regulatory reclassification pursuant to Condition 7.2.2 (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), 
(iv) a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 7.4 (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
only) or (v) an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 7.5 (in the case of any Note), the Notes 
may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their Early Redemption Amount or, as the 
case may be, Optional Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, as more particularly described 
in the Conditions.  
Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned 
above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than 
the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter 
case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Automatic amortisation of Subordinated Notes 
Subject to the CRR, the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes which may qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
when determining the Issuer's total capital will, during the final five years of maturity of the Subordinated 
Notes, be decreased day by day until the nominal value reaches zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
In addition, a holder of securities with an interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the 
relevant securities, such as Notes to which the reset provisions apply, is also exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes). 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations are unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below 
(i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu 
with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the 
Danish Recovery and Resolution Act. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, 
(b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 21 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 14 - 
70-41019139 
 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations 
of the Issuer in full before it can make any payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the 
Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the 
extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of 
all of the Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 2.3 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes).  
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with 
the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the rights to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer.  
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, 
(ii) its unsubordinated creditors (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish 
Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations), (iii) its subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (iv) creditors of the Issuer 
that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive (as 
defined below) rank or shall rank senior to the Subordinated Notes in full before it can make any payments 
on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments are made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes. According to Danish 
BRRDII/CRDV Act and the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive 
(as defined below), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the 
meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. In 
principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that no longer fully or partially 
are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities 
resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their contractual 
ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be 
required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can 
make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors who rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy 
the claims of all of the Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due 
under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim for holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes  
Subject as provided in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" section below, in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting,

--- Page 22 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 15 - 
70-41019139 
 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes applies only to 
payments of interest due and paid under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes and 
not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under 
the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or 
deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to 
apply to any payments of principal under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Subordinated Notes, as the 
case may be, holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may receive 
less than the full amount due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes, and the 
market value of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes may be adversely affected. 
Holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes should note that principal for these 
purposes may include any payments of premium. 
No events of default and limited enforcement events in relation to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default in relation to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes. Holders 
of Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes may not at any time demand repayment or 
redemption of their respective Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, and enforcement rights 
for any payment are limited to the claim of Noteholders in a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, a holder of Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes may 
prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note, 
such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption Amount of such Non-Preferred Senior Note or 
Subordinated Note at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together with any 
interest accrued and unpaid on such Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and 
any other amounts payable on such Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note under the Conditions. 
Early redemption of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes by the Issuer; redemption 
subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after 
such Notes have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, 
redeem such Notes five years after issuance if the option is so specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
the requirements under Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation 
etc.), as the case may be, are complied with.  
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes have been issued (and at any time 
thereafter), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, at any 
time redeem all, but not some, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in accordance with 
Conditions 7.2.1 or 7.2.1, respectively. 
In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of such Notes is also subject 
to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator.  
Holders of Notes should not invest in Subordinated Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes in the expectation 
that a call option included in the terms of such Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator 
must in case of the Subordinated Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes agree to permit such a call to be 
exercised by the Issuer, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other factors at the relevant time. In any such case, there can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator 
will permit such a call to be exercised by the Issuer.  
In addition, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, 
Condition 7.4, Condition 7.5 or Condition 7.7, the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the

--- Page 23 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 16 - 
70-41019139 
 
relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be made until a 
new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in Condition 7.14 (Consent 
to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc.) have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in 
the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes should be aware that, whether or not a 
redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
any redemption of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes will, at all times, remain subject 
to the permission of the Relevant Regulator.  
Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes without Noteholder 
consent 
If the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or 
variation etc.), if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, 
substitution or variation etc.), if a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes as 
described in Condition 7.2.2 (Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons) or for tax reasons 
as described in Condition 7.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions has/have 
occurred and is/are continuing the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes.  
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued or 
guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which adhere to the specific conditions outlined in the 
definition of "Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes" in Condition 7.15 (Definitions) or "Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes" (in the case of Subordinated Notes), and which are not materially less favourable to 
the holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, respectively as the case may be (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a 
certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Agent is not the 
Issuer)). There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder, any Qualifying 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will be as favourable to 
each holder in all respects or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular holder would make the same 
determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or Qualifying Subordinated Notes are not materially less favourable to holders than the terms of the Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD, including the general bail-in tool, non-viability loss absorption and MREL (as defined below) 
has been implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and by 
amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. Any reference to the BRRD below shall include the 
implementation hereof into Danish law.

--- Page 24 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 17 - 
70-41019139 
 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a 
range of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise 
of any of these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution or investment firm (each, 
an "institution") to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. An institution will be 
considered as failing or likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of 
its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
The relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination 
without the consent of the institution's creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities 
to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which 
may limit the capacity of the institution to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in relating to eligible liabilities – which gives resolution authorities the 
power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (the write-down may result 
in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other 
instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool"). The converted equity or other instruments could also 
be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.  
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
In addition to, but independently of, the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, certain capital instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes), at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is 
taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any 
such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or the 
other resolution powers outlined above. Resolution authorities are required to implement non-viability loss 
absorption ahead of, or simultaneously with, any resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
applicable conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) that the institution 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written-
down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity or its 
group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious 
disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution 
measures with respect to distressed institutions, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or

--- Page 25 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 18 - 
70-41019139 
 
substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt 
instruments (including altering the maturity, and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial 
instruments. 
MREL and related requirements 
With the implementation in Denmark of the BRRD, Danish banks, including the Issuer, are required to 
have bail in-able resources in order to fulfil the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible 
Liabilities ("MREL"). There is no minimum European Union-wide level of MREL, as each resolution 
authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each 
resolution group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance 
and other characteristics of each institution. In Denmark, each covered entity's MREL requirement will 
follow from the entity's individual resolution plan and it is the DFSA after consultation with Finansiel 
Stabilitet, which sets the MREL requirement for each relevant entity. With a balance sheet exceeding EUR 
3 billion, the Issuer had an option to fully implement the MREL requirement with effect from 1 January 
2019. The Issuer chose this option. 
On 21 December 2020 the Issuer received a decision from the DFSA setting the Issuer's MREL requirement 
applicable from 28 December 2020 of 17.9 per cent. of the Issuer's risk exposure amounts ("REA"). The 
MREL requirement was determined on the basis of 2019 numbers. The MREL requirement must be met 
with own funds instruments and liabilities that bear losses before senior claims in both resolution and 
insolvency. However, until 1 January 2022 the Issuer can use senior debt issued before 1 January 2018 to 
fulfil its MREL Requirement. 
The MREL requirement set for the Issuer consists of a loss absorption amount and a recapitalisation amount. 
For the Issuer the loss absorption amount is set on the basis of the solvency need and an additional loss 
absorption add-on. The sum of the loss absorption add-on and the recapitalisation amount is referred to as 
the MREL add-on. The loss absorption add-on can be set in the interval between 3.5 per cent. to 4.00 per 
cent. of the entities' REA. The recapitalisation amount is set on the basis of the relevant entity's (i) loans 
and guarantees in an amount in excess of DKK 7.5 million, which are placed in certain creditworthiness 
categories and (ii) balance. On the basis hereof, the MREL requirement was set to 17.9 per cent. of the 
Issuer's REA. 
The MREL requirement will be set annually (but may be updated over the year e.g. in the case of a change 
to the countercyclical capital buffer) on the basis of the entity's resolution plan. If a relevant entity does not 
fulfil the MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw its banking licence. Also, a comparable 
concept for loss absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") has been set for G-SII's . The TLAC 
requirement also took effect from 2019. 
The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the "Insolvency Hierarchy Directive") as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive enables banks to 
issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt which would rank below the most senior debt and 
other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-called "Non-Preferred Senior debt"). The 
directive has been transposed into national law in Denmark and was adopted by the Danish Parliament on 
8 June 2018 by Act No. 706 and became effective on 1 July 2018.  
The BRRD Amendment Directive 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the "BRRD Amendment Directive") 
includes, among other things, proposals to implement TLAC into EU legislation and the introduction of the 
concepts resolution entities and resolution groups. The BRRD Amendment Directive entered into force on 
27 June 2019. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the rules implementing the BRRD Amendment 
Directive into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 December 2020. The 
incorporation of the TLAC standard into the existing MREL framework is expected to provide clarity in 
the regulatory framework surrounding MREL, both in terms of the framework for setting banks' 
requirements as well as the instruments that can be used to fulfil such requirements. The CRR as amended

--- Page 26 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 19 - 
70-41019139 
 
by way of the CRR Amendment Regulation and the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act set the 
requirement for the instruments that can be used to fulfil the MREL requirement. See "Risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes" – "The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are 
subordinated" regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive. 
Exercise of powers under the BRRD 
The powers set out in the already adopted BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms 
are managed, as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD outlines the priority 
ranking of certain deposits in an insolvency hierarchy, which required changes to the insolvency hierarchy 
in Denmark and which was further amended by way of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive. The BRRD 
establishes a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly for insured depositors and, secondly, 
for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises held in the European 
Economic Area or non-European Economic Area branches of a European Economic Area bank. These 
preferred deposits rank ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer in the insolvency 
hierarchy. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy could be changed in the future. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any 
priority given to other creditors such as depositors. See "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue 
of Notes" – "The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors" 
and "Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes" – "The Issuer's obligations under 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated" regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD 
Amendment Directive. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool 
and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) is less favourable than would 
have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to 
compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred 
to as the "no creditor worse off principle" under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely 
to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay 
in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes that have been subject 
to the application of the general bail-in tool and the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes).  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, 
contains certain limited safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including in the case of senior 
creditors (such as the holders of Preferred Senior Notes) a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not 
incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant entity been wound up under normal 
insolvency proceedings, there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are 
exercised. The determination that any power under the BRRD shall be exercised or that all or a part of the 
principal amount of the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. The application of the general 
bail-in tool with respect to the Notes and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes) may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a 
portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes 
into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a 
variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, 
potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability 
loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) may be applied in such a manner as to result in 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security 
than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly 
fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution 
authority may exercise its authority to apply the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption 
(in respect of Subordinated Notes) without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. The exercise 
of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely

--- Page 27 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 20 - 
70-41019139 
 
affect the rights of the relevant Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any relevant Notes. 
Depositor Preference 
As part of the reforms required by the BRRD, amendments have been made to relevant legislation in 
Denmark to establish a preference in the insolvency hierarchy for certain deposits that are eligible for 
protection by the Danish deposit guarantee scheme and the uninsured element of such deposits and, in 
certain circumstances, deposits made in non-EEA branches of EEA credit institutions. In addition, the 
Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme increased the nature and quantum of 
insured deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a 
public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these 
changes is to increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in 
the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, including the holders 
of the Notes. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a 
result, if the general bail-in tool were exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes would be 
more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred 
deposits. 
FATCA  
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(together, the "ICSDs"), in all but the most remote circumstances, it is not expected that FATCA will affect 
the amount of any payment received by the ICSDs (see Taxation – FATCA). However, FATCA may affect 
payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate 
investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not 
entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide 
its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, 
other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant 
with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA), provide each custodian or intermediary with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or 
intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser 
to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer's obligations 
under the securities are discharged once it has paid the common depositary or common safekeeper for the 
ICSDs (as bearer holder of the securities) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount 
thereafter transmitted through hands of the ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Danish law (as described in Condition 18.1 (Governing law)) in 
effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to Danish law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus.  
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 28 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 21 - 
70-41019139 
 
Form of VP Notes 
VP Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title 
other than statements of account made by the VP. Ownership of VP Notes will be recorded, and transfer 
effected, only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VP. 
Because the VP Notes are dematerialised securities, investors will have to rely on the relevant clearing 
systems' procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. Any closure or operational 
difficulties in the VP would therefore impact on such transfer, payment or communication. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
There are risks that certain benchmark rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
including the phasing-out of LIBOR after 31 December 2021 or June 2023, which may adversely affect the 
trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such benchmarks. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), 
Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate ("CIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  It 
will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms on, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced on 27 July 
2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or 
cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD 
LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark 
Administration or IBA) similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR 
settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which 
are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology 
(also known as a "synthetic" basis). Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its

--- Page 29 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 22 - 
70-41019139 
 
current form and the UK Financial Conduct Authority announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is 
currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small number of 
currencies and settings. 
Whilst the above announcement related to LIBOR, similar concerns may be applicable to other benchmark 
rates (such as EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR). As regards EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR, or 
STIBOR, it is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, banks will continue to provide EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR submissions to the administrator of EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
going forwards. The ECB and other European authorities have discussed proposals for alternative 
benchmarks. On 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. In Denmark, a working group formed 
by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage banks, asset management, 
securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money Market Committee proposed in July 
2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a DKK risk-free reference rate 
based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). In January 2021, 
Danmarks Nationalbank undertook ownership and became administrator of DESTR. It is expected that a 
test-phase with daily reporting and calculation of DESTR will be launched in the second half of 2021. In 
June 2021, the DFSA issued a statement whereby the DFSA declared its support to DESTR becoming the 
DKK risk-free reference rate. The impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear.  
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR that may be enacted in the relevant 
jurisdiction. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely 
affect the trading market for securities linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR. The 
potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, the 
establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was available 
in its current form. 
The elimination of the LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR benchmark or any other 
benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an 
adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.9 
(Benchmark Replacement)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR (including any page on 
which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable, including 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 30 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 23 - 
70-41019139 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 24 - 
70-41019139 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Financial Conduct Authority shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor's report and audited financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the Issuer 
on pages 55 to 113 of the Annual Report as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
(the 
"2019 
Accounts") 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/f9ced2ae-4fe1-4668-8754-
516b33a621a8/Annual+report+2019+-+UK.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=n0kl61h  
(b) 
the auditor's report and audited annual financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the 
Issuer on pages 57 to 115 of the Annual Report as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 
respectively 
(the 
 
"2020 
Accounts") 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/c039f1bf-3594-42d8-a5f2-
d16e6301ef22/Annual+report+2020.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=ntCKMVB   
(c) 
the unaudited financial statements, together with the notes thereto, of the Issuer on pages 13 to 36 
of the Q1 2021 Report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 which can be viewed 
online at: https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/53d232c4-992b-4b92-
a2f9-5b1b0a4a7f7a/Q1+Rapport+2021+-+EN.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nAn2ny7  
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 39 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 13 
April 
2011 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/2906b0b3-ce79-4870-9501-
0bb91dc85185/Prospectus+2011+.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nF3bUoO  
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 40 to 74 of the base prospectus dated 21 
February 
2012 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/4e296982-5d4c-4892-b965-
232f0d633108/Prospectus+2012+.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nF3bPYn  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 24 to 55 of the base prospectus dated 2 April 
2013 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/edc880e3-5d1e-41ac-a3ae-
341d6dd69530/Ringkjobing+Prospectus+2013.pdf%282141204.1%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&C
VID=nF3548M   
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 25 to 57 of the base prospectus dated 14 
March 
2014 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/217c84e0-5f4d-49e4-8690-
b35ff91a3815/2014+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mL1dC4V  
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 27 
March 
2015 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/8084585d-6d65-492f-b1e9-
d15bfee67c3c/2015+Update+-+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZAEWT  
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 27 to 62 of the base prospectus dated 21 
March 
2016 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/3ca65304-fd59-4a4a-b0c7-
4661d3518fb6/2016+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mL1dHTV  
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 29 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 28 
March 
2017 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/4ac5e836-e9fe-4480-a099-
97b1c4678ace/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+Landbobank+EMTN+U17+-
+Prospectus+%28Final%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZzaiI  
(k) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 35 to 77 of the base prospectus dated 29 
October 
2018 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at:

--- Page 32 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 25 - 
70-41019139 
 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/68034784-1b88-4476-9c9f-
158796280e56/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+2018+Update+-
+Base+Prospectus+FINAL+NEW+%28004%29.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZz1yV  
(l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 79 of the base prospectus dated 28 
June 
2019 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/bb34ea3a-9ad4-46bc-9415-
a80defbb3d55/2019+Update+-+Base+Prospectus.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=mKZAmsf  
(m) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 37 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 24 
June 
2020 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.landbobanken.dk/wps/wcm/connect/landbobanken/0355051c-8afb-4f74-8bd3-
d6d2ff1ae81b/Ringkj%C3%B8bing+EMTN+2020+Update+-+Base+Prospectus++-
+FINAL+VERSION.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&CVID=nbHOC5v  
The 2019 Accounts, the 2020 Accounts and the unaudited quarterly financial statements which are 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are direct and accurate translations of the original Danish text. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between the English translations and the original Danish text, 
the original Danish text will prevail. 
If documents which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents 
shall not form part of this Prospectus for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, except where such 
information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent and as set out above.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 26 - 
70-41019139 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Tranche will be either Bearer Notes, with or without interest coupons attached, or VP 
Notes, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VP 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Agent and/or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. The exchange upon expiry of a period of notice or at 
any time options referred to below should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (b) at any time at the request of the 
Issuer. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 
10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 15 days (other than

--- Page 34 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 27 - 
70-41019139 
 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 
days and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules or 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Bearer Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Bearer Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Bearer Notes of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Bearer Notes of such Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in and subject to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Bearer Note is still represented by a 
Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a declaration of direct rights (the "Declaration of 
Direct Rights") dated 29 June 2021 and executed by the Issuer. 
VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. No VP Note 
will be issued in global or definitive form. The holder of a VP Note will be the person evidenced as such 
by a book entry in the VP system. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated as the holder of the 
relevant VP Note. 
Ownership of the VP Notes will only be recorded and transfers effected only through the book entry system 
and register maintained by the VP. 
On the issue of such VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms to the Agent and the 
VP Issuing Agent. On delivery of the relevant Final Terms by the VP Issuing Agent to the VP and 
notification to the VP of the subscribers and their VP account details by the relevant Dealers. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes will take place in accordance with 
market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the VP Notes will take place in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VP.

--- Page 35 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 28 - 
70-41019139 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility  
The Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes will confirm (in paragraph 6(vii) of Part B) whether or not 
such Notes are to be intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  
The designation "yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and may be registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper, in the case of registered notes) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Where the designation is specified as "no" at the date of the Final Terms, then (should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them) the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and may be registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, in the case of registered notes). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
In each case, such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.

--- Page 36 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 29 - 
70-41019139 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business  Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended, to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II: (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 37 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 30 - 
70-41019139 
 
 [Date] 
RINGKJØBING LANDBOBANK AKTIESELSKAB 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
2138002M5U5K4OUMVV62 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 29 June 2021 [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [•],] [which 
constitutes a base prospectus (the "Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation] and must be 
read in conjunction with such Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is 
available for viewing [on the website of the Regulatory News Service operated by the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com] and at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent] during normal business 
hours and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
[Agent/VP Issuing Agent]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Prospectus dated 29 June 2021 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation")] and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 
29 June 2021 [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [•],] [which constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus dated 
29 June 2021 [, as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [•],]. Copies of such 
Prospectus are available for viewing [on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com,] and at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
the specified offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent] during normal business hours and copies may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the [Agent/VP Issuing Agent]. 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [ ] on [[ ]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [ ] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [ ]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ]

--- Page 38 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 31 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Not Applicable/other] 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[LIBOR/CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
+/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed [on the 
Maturity Date at par/ in instalments on each 
Instalment Date (see further item 24 below)] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
 
[MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option]  
 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Preferred Senior/ Non-Preferred Senior/ 
Subordinated] 
 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/other] 
in 
arrear] 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes 
only in accordance with the [Floating Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/, not adjusted] 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.)

--- Page 39 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 32 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
Not Applicable/[ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [ ] 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ ] 
 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
Not Applicable/[ ] in each year 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(N.B. In the case of Reset Notes with a Floating 
Rate Note in a Reset Period, indicate the Reset 
Period to which the Floating Rate will apply. 
Thereafter in this paragraph indicate the 
Floating Rate Note provisions that will apply to 
each floating rate period)  
 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[Agent/other] 
 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
 
• Relevant Time: 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
 
• Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(h)  
Linear Interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 40 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 33 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
 
30/360 
 
 
 
30E/360 
 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
See [Fixed/Floating] Rate Note provisions 
above 
 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[Plus/Minus][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margins: 
[[Plus/Minus][•] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted or if any 
accrued but unpaid amount of interest has been 
reduced and/or cancelled, as applicable, as 
described in the Conditions) 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount 
payable on [•] 
 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount[(s)]) 
 
 
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted or if any 
accrued but unpaid amount of interest has been 
reduced and/or cancelled, as applicable, as 
described in the Conditions) 
 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]  
 
 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]  
 
 
(x) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 41 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 34 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
- 
Original Mid-Swap Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[•]  
 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•]  
 
 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Relevant Time: 
[•]  
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•]  
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
 
18. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
 
20. 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 42 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 35 - 
70-41019139 
 
event of default if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes: 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL 
Disqualification Event)  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [only upon an Exchange 
Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
 
[VP 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form. See further item 
8 of Part B below] 
 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/The Talons Mature on [ ]/No] 
 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
28. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
29. 
VP Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by the VP [for the 
purpose of the meetings of Noteholders/for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the 
issue of VP Notes]] 
 
 
 
 
 
30. 
MREL Disqualification Event 
Substitution/Variation Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
31. 
Substitution and variation for 
Subordinated Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 36 - 
70-41019139 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 37 - 
70-41019139 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") to be listed on the official 
list of Euronext Dublin with effect from [ ]. 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] / 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency]: [ ]] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
[European Union] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
 
[ ] 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[ ] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ]

--- Page 45 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 38 - 
70-41019139 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
(iii)  
 [FISN 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
 
 
(iv)  
 [CFI Code 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
(If the FISN and/or CFI code is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]/ VP Securities A/S Denmark, 
VP identification number [ ]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
 
(viii) 
VP Issuing Agent: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered 
notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the

--- Page 46 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 39 - 
70-41019139 
 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[ ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(v) 
If non syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D Rules/TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 47 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 40 - 
70-41019139 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions will, whenever the context so 
permits, also apply to each VP Note. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note and shall apply as aforesaid to VP 
Notes. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
(the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below) or the VP Issuing Agency Agreement 
(as defined below), as applicable. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") represented by a global Note (a 
"Global Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(d) 
Notes cleared through VP Securities A/S ("VP Notes" and the "VP" respectively) which are in 
uncertificated book entry form in accordance with Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 
2020 on Capital Markets (the "Capital Markets Act"), as amended from time to time, and 
Executive Orders issued thereunder and Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017 on, inter 
alia, the registration of fund assets in a securities centre (CSD) (Da. Bekendtgørelse om registrering 
m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish VP Registration Order"). 
The Bearer Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 29 June 2021 and made 
between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as issuing and principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents). 
The Issuer will from time to time, as indicated in the Final Terms, appoint a VP Issuing Agent (the "VP 
Issuing Agent", which expression shall include any successor VP Issuing Agent) to act as the agent of the 
Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VP in respect of each Series of VP Notes. The Issuer and the VP 
Issuing Agent will, in respect of each Series of VP Notes, enter into a VP Issuing Agency Agreement (the 
"VP Issuing Agency Agreement"). The VP Notes of the relevant Series will have the benefit of such VP 
Issuing Agency Agreement and, to the extent specified therein, the Agency Agreement. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, 
where issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payment remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in 
instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on or, in the case of VP Notes, incorporated into this Note which complete these 
Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of 
the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which is, in the case of Bearer Notes, attached to or 
endorsed on or, in the case of VP Notes, incorporated into this Note. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" shall, in relation to any Bearer Notes, mean the holders of 
the Bearer Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided

--- Page 48 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 41 - 
70-41019139 
 
below. Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean to the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. VP Notes are in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form and any reference in the Conditions to Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP Notes. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
In respect of any Bearer Notes, the Receiptholders, Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the 
benefit of the Declaration of Direct Rights dated 29 June 2021 (as restated, amended and/or updated from 
time to time, the "Declaration of Direct Rights") and executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Declaration of Direct Rights are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable VP Issuing Agency Agreement) are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing 
Agent (in the case of VP Notes) and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable VP Issuing 
Agency Agreement) will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing Agent (in the case of VP Notes) as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement (but, in the case of VP Notes, only to the 
extent specified in the VP Issuing Agency Agreement), the Declaration of Direct Rights (in the case of 
Bearer Notes), the applicable VP Issuing Agency Agreement (in the case of VP Notes) and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement (and, in the case of VP Notes, the applicable 
VP Issuing Agency Agreement). 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
The Notes are in bearer form or, in the case of VP Notes, in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for VP Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Preferred Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated 
Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the

--- Page 49 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 42 - 
70-41019139 
 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
In the case of a VP Note, the person evidenced as the holder of such VP Note by a book entry in 
the book entry system and register maintained by the VP  shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent, 
the VP Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Ownership of the VP Notes will be transferred by registration in the register between 
the direct or nominee accountholders at the VP in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
VP from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent, 
the VP Issuing Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of the relevant VP Note. 
VP is entitled to provide the Issuer or any person authorised by the Issuer to receive such 
information on its behalf, including, but not limited to, the VP Issuing Agent with information 
about the identity of a Holder of VP Notes at a specified time following a request by the Issuer or 
such authorised person. Such information may include the name, address and other contact details 
of the Holder of the VP Notes, the date of the registration with VP, the amount of VP Notes held 
by such holder and any other relevant account information. 
VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and no global or 
definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
2.1 
Status of the Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.1 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Preferred Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, 
including obligations benefitting from preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), from 
time to time outstanding; and

--- Page 50 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 43 - 
70-41019139 
 
(iii) senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.2 only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute on issue Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any Receipts and/or Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) pari passu with any other obligation or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank equally with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;  
(iii) senior to holders of the ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, or any obligations 
pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and  
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 only applies to Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes (Da. Kapitalbeviser) and any Receipts and/or Coupons relating to them 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
Subordinated Notes and the Receipts and the Coupons relating to them constitute on issue Tier 2 
Capital and rank and will rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) unless such pari passu ranking conflicts with paragraph (iii)(d) below and/or paragraph (iv)(d) 
below, pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the 
right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;  
(iii) senior to (a) holders of the share capital of the Issuer, (b) any obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital, (c) unless such senior ranking 
conflicts with paragraph (iv)(d) below, any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of 
the Issuer that as a result of any Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank 
or shall rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 51 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 44 - 
70-41019139 
 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish 
Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations), (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future 
claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes and (d) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD rank or shall rank senior to the Subordinated 
Notes.  
2.4 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
This Condition 2.4 only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to 
the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys 
owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"BRRD" means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, 
any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive 
resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 
May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD/CRR" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures. 
"CRD Directive" means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such 
Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD/CRR Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a 
non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, 
including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards, 
guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (2013/575) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation 
resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards 
the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019).

--- Page 52 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 45 - 
70-41019139 
 
"Danish Recovery and Resolution Act" means the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of 
certain Financial Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to 
time). 
"Danish Bankruptcy Act" means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 May 
2021, as amended or replaced from time to time). 
"Non-Preferred Senior Obligations" means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the 
Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations 
of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer 
in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act. 
"Tier 1 Capital" means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
This Condition 3 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes.  
3.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Preferred Senior Notes and/or related Receipts or Coupons remain 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will ensure that no Relevant 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 10.3 (Definitions)) 
will be secured by any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security 
Interest"), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of the present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries unless the Issuer shall, in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, 
before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, take any and all action necessary to 
ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Preferred Senior Notes and the Receipts and the 
Coupons are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant 
Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement or the VP Issuing Agency Agreement, as applicable) 
of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Covered Bonds" means bonds, notes or other securities (however defined) issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to and in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act and secured on a segregated 
pool of assets pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: (i) any Security Interest which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation, asset-backed financing or like arrangement in accordance with normal market 
practice and whereby the amount of indebtedness secured by such Security Interest or, in respect 
of which any guarantee or indemnity is secured by such Security Interest, is limited to the value of 
the assets secured; and (ii) any Security Interest arising by operation of law provided any such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount 
secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; and 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (a) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities (other than Covered Bonds) which are for the time being

--- Page 53 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 46 - 
70-41019139 
 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market, and (b) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness. 
4. 
REDENOMINATION 
4.1 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders on giving 
prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the VP Issuing Agent, the 
VP, as applicable, and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes 
shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
nominal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, that the then market practice in respect of 
the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) under, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented for payment) by the relevant holder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as 
applicable, may determine and notify to the Noteholders and any remaining amounts less 
than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Noteholders in euro in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase); and (ii) in the case of Notes 
which are not Relevant Notes, in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, may approve) 
euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, may specify 
and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice 
may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the

--- Page 54 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 47 - 
70-41019139 
 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive Notes or VP Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding; 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition 4 as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Agent or the VP Issuing Agent, as applicable, and as may be 
specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments 
denominated in euro. 
4.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Calculation Amount" is the amount to be determined by the Issuer for the purpose of calculating 
the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination.  
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Redenomination) above 
and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates 
in the third stage of European economic and monetary union; 
"Relevant Notes" means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 55 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 48 - 
70-41019139 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the final terms. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and excluding) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (I) in definitive form or (II) VP Notes, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form or of a Fixed Rate Note which is 
a VP Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 56 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 49 - 
70-41019139 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 57 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 50 - 
70-41019139 
 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or 
(ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 
"ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where:  
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 58 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 51 - 
70-41019139 
 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest 
Period were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the 
case of CIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, 
in the case of STIBOR or 12.00 noon Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by

--- Page 59 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 52 - 
70-41019139 
 
the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the Calculation Agent (pursuant to 
the terms of a calculation agency agreement between the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent). If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of Condition 
5.2(a)(ii)(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii)(B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, 
the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide it with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide it with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser 
(as applicable) determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communication to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) 
it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in

--- Page 60 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 53 - 
70-41019139 
 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
As used herein: 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of any currency and any period specified 
hereon, the interest rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank 
offered rate administered by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
(or any other person which takes over administration of that rate) based 
on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish kroner for a number 
of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor 
banks. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any 
specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone 
interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute 
(or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR 
rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced 
in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer, 
in consultation with the Agent, at the Issuer's expense. 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any currency and any period specified 
hereon, the London interbank offered rate for that currency and period 
displayed as quoted on the appropriate page (being currently Reuters 
screen page LIBOR01 or LIBOR02) on the information service which 
publishes that rate.  
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified 
period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank 
offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number 
of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor).  
"Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank 
market, (ii) in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal 
Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-bank market 
and (iii) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (iv) 
in the case of determination of STIBOR the principal Stockholm office 
of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and (v) in the 
case of determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major 
banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market in each case selected by the

--- Page 61 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 54 - 
70-41019139 
 
Issuer or Independent Adviser or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or 
NIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency 
and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters and 
Bloomberg), as may be specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, 
in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; and 
"Relevant Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of 
LIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, 
Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Stockholm 
time in the case of determination of STIBOR, or 12.00 noon Oslo time, 
in the case of determination of NIBOR). 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of Swedish Kronor and for any specified 
period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank 
offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Swedish Kronor for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Bearer Notes and the Calculation Agent, in the 
case of Floating Rate VP Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Bearer Notes and the Calculation Agent, in the 
case of Floating Rate VP Notes, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or

--- Page 62 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 55 - 
70-41019139 
 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (I) in definitive form or (II) VP 
Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is (I) in definitive form or (II) a VP Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 63 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 56 - 
70-41019139 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)]+[30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any

--- Page 64 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 57 - 
70-41019139 
 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and, in the case of the VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent, (by no later than the first day of 
each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the VP Issuing Agent (if applicable), the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the VP 
Issuing Agent and/or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Rate Reset Provisions 
Application: Conditions 5.3-5.7 (inclusive) shall only apply if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
Accrual of Interest: The Notes bear interest on their outstanding principal amounts:  
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
for the First Reset Period at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each relevant Interest Payment Date (subject as provided in 
Condition 6 (Payments)). 
The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
(A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Conditions 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
5.4 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period 
falling in the relevant Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide it with 
its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question;

--- Page 65 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 58 - 
70-41019139 
 
(b) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(e) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.4, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding Reset 
Determination Date and (B) the relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of (A) the 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
5.5 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5.5 is only applicable if Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. If Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate 
of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest Issuing will be converted from 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms to a basis which matches 
the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such 
calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
5.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Agents, each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and, in the case of VP Notes, the VP, as the case may be, and the VP Issuing 
Agent as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Noteholders.  
5.7 
Notification 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of Conditions 5.3 – 5.7 (inclusive) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the 
VP Issuing Agent (if applicable), the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
where: 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 66 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 59 - 
70-41019139 
 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
5.4 (Fallbacks) and Condition 5.5 (Mid-Swap Rate Conversion), the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date and may be either a fixed rate or 
a floating rate. If a fixed rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and 
the First Reset Margin. If a floating rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the floating rate 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the First Reset Period and the First Reset Margin; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);  
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5.4 
(Fallbacks), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Margin" means the First Reset Margin and the Subsequent Reset Margin (as applicable); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;

--- Page 67 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 60 - 
70-41019139 
 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion 
after consultation with the Issuer; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the 
Maturity Date as the case may be; and  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject 
to Condition 5.4 (Fallbacks) and Condition 5.5 (Mid-Swap Rate Conversion), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date and may be either 
a fixed rate or a floating rate. If a fixed rate it shall be calculated as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin. If a floating rate it shall be calculated as the 
sum of the floating rate specified in the Final Terms as applicable to the Subsequent Reset Period 
and the Subsequent Reset Margin. 
5.8 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, interest will continue to accrue until the date the holders of the 
VP Notes receive the full amount of such payments. 
5.9 
Benchmark replacement: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to 
be calculated or administered, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine an alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and an alternative 
screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.9); 
(2) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser determines 
has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as

--- Page 68 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 61 - 
70-41019139 
 
applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(3) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (2) above, then the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) and acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) of the benchmark 
in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect 
of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no 
such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be 
such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (3) applies and the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (3), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Reset 
Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest Period as applicable (which 
may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period 
or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or 
Interest Period); 
(4) 
if an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page 
in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.9); 
(5) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines an Alternative Benchmark Rate in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be), may also, following consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
Convention, Business Day, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date, 
Relevant Time and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.9) 
(and for the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.9 and the Agent shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof, save as provided in the Agency 
Agreement. No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, Alternative Relevant Screen Page or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Agent (if required)); 
and

--- Page 69 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 62 - 
70-41019139 
 
(6) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (5) above to the Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.9, "Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in the Condition 6.1 (Method 
of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note 
to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do 
not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 
10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 (Events of

--- Page 70 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 63 - 
70-41019139 
 
Default)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of VP Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Notes will be made to the persons registered as 
Noteholders on the fifth Danish Business Day (or such other day which may become customary 
on the Danish bond market in respect of VP Notes, which in respect of VP Notes denominated in 
Danish kroner is expected to be the third Danish Business Day) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, all in accordance with the rules and procedures applied 
and/or issued by the VP from time to time. 
As used herein: 
"Danish Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in Denmark; and 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or

--- Page 71 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 64 - 
70-41019139 
 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10 (Events of Default)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) 
(e) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(g) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 65 - 
70-41019139 
 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7.2 only applies to Subordinated Notes.  
7.2.1  
Early redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc.), 
the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note,) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), or any material change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Subordinates Notes;  
(b) 
it will no longer be able to obtain a full tax deduction for the purposes of the Danish tax 
for any payment of interest under such Notes; and 
(c) 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such 
change in tax treatment of the relevant Subordinated Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the first Tranche of the Subordinated 
Notes,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2.1 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding or, in the case of VP Notes, and including) the date of 
redemption  
7.2.2  
Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons

--- Page 73 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 66 - 
70-41019139 
 
Subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc.), 
the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 30 but no more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), if a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes results or will result in: 
(a) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part from the regulatory capital (in the meaning of the 
CRR) of the Issuer; or  
(b) 
reclassification, in whole or in part as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the 
Issuer,  
and the Relevant Regulator considering such change sufficiently certain and the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such exclusion or regulatory 
reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the first tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which such change or reclassification, as applicable, becomes effective. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that one of the conditions set out above in paragraphs (a) and (b) have been satisfied. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption for tax reasons of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 7.3 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
Subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc.) 
(in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note,) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject, in the case of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Senior Notes then due.

--- Page 74 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 67 - 
70-41019139 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7.4 only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
If the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, any Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may (subject as provided for in 
Condition 7.14) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
such Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if such Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the case of 
Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Issuing 
Agent (where the VP Issuing Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable subject to the Permission Withdrawal 
Early Redemption Restrictions), upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event. Non-
Preferred Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.4 will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding, or, in the case of VP Notes, and 
including) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer shall 
deliver to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Issuing Agent is not the Issuer) to make available 
at its specified office to the Noteholders (or, in the case of VP Notes where the Issuer is the VP 
Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall make available to the Noteholders at its registered office) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject as provided for in 
Condition 7.14 in the case in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes), 
having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable subject, in the case in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Subordinated Notes, to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restrictions and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and

--- Page 75 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 68 - 
70-41019139 
 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, and in 
accordance with the rules of the VP, in the case of VP Notes, in each case not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection 
Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.6 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding 
or, in the case of VP Notes, and including) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before 
an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. 
Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7 accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at 
the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
In the case of VP Notes, a Put Notice will not be effective against the Issuer before the date on 
which the relevant VP Notes have been transferred to the account designated by the relevant VP 
Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer until the Optional Redemption Date by the VP 
Issuing Agent. In the case of VP Notes, the right to require redemption of such Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 7.6 must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VP 
(in the case of VP Notes) and if there is any inconsistency between the forgoing and the rules and 
procedures of the VP, the rules and procedures of the VP (in the case of VP Notes) shall prevail. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the VP given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 76 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 69 - 
70-41019139 
 
7.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as 
a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 7.5 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the Issuer may (subject as provided for in Condition 7.14 
in the case in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes), on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the 
Issuer) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, 
but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date 
set for redemption. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 7.2 (Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes) and 7.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) above 
and Condition 10 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) 
with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price 
or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is 
denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
(
)y
AY
1
RP
+

 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.9 
Instalments  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts).  
7.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.14 in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time, , purchase Notes (provided that, in the case

--- Page 77 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 70 - 
70-41019139 
 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation or, 
in the case of VP Notes, cancelled by causing such VP Notes to be deleted from the records of the 
VP. 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith (and subject as provided for in Condition 7.14 in the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 
7.9 (Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall (in the case of Bearer Notes) be forwarded to the Agent and cannot (in any case) 
be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 7.2 (Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes), 7.3 (Redemption 
for tax reasons of the Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), 7.4 (Redemption 
upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or 7.7 
(Clean-up Call Option) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.7(c) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices); or 
(b) 
in the case of VP Notes, the date on which holders of the VP Notes received the full 
amount of such payment. 
7.13 
Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
7.13.1 
This Condition 7.13.1 is only applicable to Non-Preferred Senior Notes: 
(a) 
If the MREL Disqualification Event Substitution/Variation Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, subject to Condition 7.14 and having given no 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the VP Agent (where the VP Agent 
is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they 
become or remain Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution 
or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Such substitution 
or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders.

--- Page 78 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 71 - 
70-41019139 
 
7.13.2 
This Condition 7.13.2 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes: 
(a) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to (in the case of 
Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VP Notes) the 
VP Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a tax event as described 
in Condition 7.2.1 (Early redemption for tax reasons) or a regulatory reclassification as 
described in Condition 7.2.2 (Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons) 
has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 7.15) substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution 
or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or 
variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
7.14 
Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation etc. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, 
cancelled, substituted, varied or modified (as applicable) pursuant to Conditions 7.2,  7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 
7.7, 7.10, 7.11 or 7.13, as the case may be, if: 
(a) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has notified the 
Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected to, such substitution, 
variation or modification (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
(b) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has given 
permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in accordance 
with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes as at 29 June 
2021, are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR) and, if so given by the Relevant 
Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator prior to the 
date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable); and 
(c) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and, the Relevant Regulator has 
given permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, as at 29 June 2021, are set out in Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR) and, if so given 
by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been withdrawn by the Relevant 
Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable). 
If after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition  7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5, the  
Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant 
redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the relevant 
redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 7.14 have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction 
described in this paragraph is referred to as the "Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction". 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 7.14 will not constitute an event of default 
or an Enforcement Event under the relevant Notes. 
7.15 
Definitions  
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in the Denmark giving effect to any MREL Requirement or

--- Page 79 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 72 - 
70-41019139 
 
any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any reduction. write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer 
(or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be written-down, reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period). 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the 
determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(a) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL Regulations on or after the date of issue of 
the last Tranche of such Series; or 
(b) 
a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of such Series, 
all or part of the outstanding principal amounts of such Series will be excluded from the "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the 
case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" 
(or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) 
being exceeded; 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in 
each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer;  
"Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes" means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, at any time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for "eligible liabilities" 
(or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations 
in relation to the relevant MREL Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the 
application of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included in the 
relevant Notes); 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes); 
(c) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and 
Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes); 
(d) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and 
variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes);

--- Page 80 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 73 - 
70-41019139 
 
(e) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes); 
(f) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event; 
(g) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
relevant Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes); 
(h) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that 
the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes), the date such variation becomes 
effective;  
(i) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (a "Regulated Market") immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange 
other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, 
are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer;  
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any 
time, any securities (other than such Notes) issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the relevant regulator 
in relation to Tier 2 Capital; 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes);  
(c) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and 
Outstanding Principal Amounts as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes); 
(d) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and 
variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes);  
(e) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes); 
(f) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes), be subject to a tax event as described in Condition 7.2.1 (Early 
redemption for tax reasons) or a regulatory reclassification as described in Condition 7.2.2 
(Early redemption for regulatory reclassification reasons);

--- Page 81 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 74 - 
70-41019139 
 
(g) 
are assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
relevant Notes immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes); 
(h) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the relevant 
Notes, as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided that 
the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two of its directors to 
(in the case of Notes other than VP Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VP Notes) the VP Issuing Agent (where the VP Agent is not the Issuer) not less than 5 
Business Days prior to (a) in the case of a substitution of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes), the issue date of the relevant securities or (b) in the case of a 
variation of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 7.13 (Substitution and variation of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes), the date such variation becomes 
effective;  
(i) 
if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a 
recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by 
the Issuer; 
"Relevant Regulator" means, in relation to the Issuer, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other authority having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) the Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer.  
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Taxation provisions applicable to Bearer Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In such event, that such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall be equal to the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Bearer Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Bearer 
Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Denmark; and/or 
(b) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf of, holder of which is liable for such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)); and/or

--- Page 82 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 75 - 
70-41019139 
 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is 
required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation 
of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, such Directive; and/or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union. 
(f) 
withholding as a consequence of the FATCA rules. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8.2 
Taxation provisions applicable to VP Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VP Notes by the Issuer will be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any future or present taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event that 
such withholding tax or deduction is required by law the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of VP Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VP Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VP Note: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Denmark; and/or 
(b) 
presented for payment to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of which is liable for 
such taxes, or duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such VP Note by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such VP Note; and/or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)); and/or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is 
required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation 
of savings income in the form of interest payments or any law implementing or complying 
with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; and/or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant VP Note to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union. 
In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes only, and notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the obligation to pay additional amounts by the Issuer will be limited to payments of 
interest only.

--- Page 83 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 76 - 
70-41019139 
 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Agent or, in the case of VP Notes, the holders of the VP Notes, as the case 
may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION  
The Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and three years (in 
the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
In the case of VP Notes, claims against the Issuer for the payment of principal and/or interest 
payable in respect of the VP Notes shall become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor and 
thereafter any principal and/or interest in respect of such VP Notes shall be forfeited and revert to 
the Issuer. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
10.1 
Events of Default relating to Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 10.1 only applies to Preferred Senior Notes. If any one or more of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of three Banking Days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 14 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of a 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of 
default (however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make 
any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment; (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee 
and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any 
other person, provided that no event described in this sub-paragraph 10.1.(c) shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without 
duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other 
liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above 
which have occurred and are continuing, amounts to at least €15,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency); or

--- Page 84 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 77 - 
70-41019139 
 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement or the VP Issuing Agency Agreement, as applicable); or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or substantially all of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement 
or the VP Issuing Agency Agreement, as applicable), or the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, 
pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, 
or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process 
is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment 
of an administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider 
a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of 
its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing Agent (in the case of VP Notes), effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the VP Issuing Agent (in the 
case of VP Notes), declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the 
same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Enforcement Events relating to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 10.2 only applies to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes:  
(a) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes. Noteholders shall not be entitled at any time to file for bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer (an "Enforcement Event"), any Noteholder may prove or claim in such 
proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence of such 
Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on such Note (including any damages 
payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 4.

--- Page 85 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 78 - 
70-41019139 
 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 10.2(a) and without prejudice to Condition 10.2(b), any Noteholder 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it. 
10.3 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the 
end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than five per cent. of the 
consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation 
above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition 
is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such 
first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by 
reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal 
Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at 
the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or  
(c) 
at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or 
after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(d) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, generate gross revenues 
equal to) not less than five per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or 
represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than five per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than five per 
cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than five per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant 
to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and

--- Page 86 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 79 - 
70-41019139 
 
its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been 
prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary 
may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated 
accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of 
subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable 
provision of this definition, 
(e) 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Directors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not 
or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
"Banking Day" means a day a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Copenhagen; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of 
any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning given to that term in Section 5(3) of Consolidated Act No. 763 of 
23 July 2019 on public and private limited liability companies, as amended from time to time. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
PAYING AGENTS 
12.1 
Bearer Notes 
The following shall only apply to Bearer Notes: 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority;

--- Page 87 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 80 - 
70-41019139 
 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 
2003/48/EC or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to 
conform to, such Directive; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12.2 
VP Notes 
The following shall only apply to VP Notes: 
In relation to VP Notes, the Issuer will, in accordance with the rules and procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by VP from time to time, appoint (i) VP as the central securities depositary, and (ii) 
a VP Issuing Agent. The VP Issuing Agent will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of VP or the VP Issuing Agent, as the 
case may be, provided that the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary or issuing 
agent, and in respect of the appointment of another VP Issuing Agent in accordance with the rules 
and procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VP from time to time. The central securities 
depository and the VP Issuing Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication 
in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant

--- Page 88 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 81 - 
70-41019139 
 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notwithstanding the above, all notices to holders of VP Notes will be valid if given (i) in 
accordance with the procedures of the VP and (ii) in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant VP Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading (and will be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of VP Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given in 
such manner). 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder in respect of Bearer Notes shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or 
Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Notices to be given by any holder of VP Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the VP Issuing Agent. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Holders of Bearer Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modification in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law.

--- Page 89 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 82 - 
70-41019139 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this 
Condition 15.1 is subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution 
or variation etc.). 
15.2 
Holders of VP Notes 
The VP Issuing Agency Agreement will contain provisions for convening meetings of the holders 
of VP Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of 
votes (as more fully set out in the VP Issuing Agency Agreement) a modification of the VP Notes 
or any of the provisions of the VP Issuing Agency Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by 
a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VP Issuing 
Agent or the holders of VP Notes holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting VP Notes. For 
the purpose of this Condition 15, "Voting VP Notes" means the aggregate nominal amount of the 
total number of VP Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the VP, less the VP Notes 
owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom 
the Issuer has decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half 
of the Voting VP Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
holders of Voting VP Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VP Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the VP Notes, the VP Issuing Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
VP Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VP Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
VP Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VP Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VP Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the 
holders of VP Notes shall be binding on all the holders of such VP Notes, whether or not they are 
present at such meeting. 
Any modification to these Conditions pursuant to the operation of the provisions described in this 
Condition 15.2 is subject to Condition 7.14 (Consent to early redemption, purchase, substitution 
or variation etc.). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, the Danish law.

--- Page 90 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 83 - 
70-41019139 
 
18.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Denmark are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons 
("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction 
of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
18.3 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers 
For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of the Notes each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to (without limitation) the exercise 
of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in 
accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, Article 59 
of the BRRD).  
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Any delay or 
failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 91 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 84 - 
70-41019139 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.

--- Page 92 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 85 - 
70-41019139 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab (the "Issuer") is a regional full-service bank. The registered office 
of the Issuer is Torvet 1, DK-6950 Ringkøbing, Denmark and its telephone no. is +45 97 32 11 66. As of 8 
June 2018 Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab merged with another regional bank; Nordjyske Bank A/S 
("Nordjyske Bank"). The continuing bank is the Issuer, but the Issuer uses a two branding strategy using 
both names; Ringkjøbing Landbobank and Nordjyske Bank. Numbers relating to the Issuer prior to the 
merger will be referred to as "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank (""Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank"). 
As at 31 December 2020 the Issuer had approximately 203,500 customers and a total balance sheet as at 31 
March 2021 of DKK 56.8 billion.  
During 2020 the average number of full-time employees for the Issuer was 632 and the number of full-time 
employees at the end of 2020 was 612. For the first three months of 2021 the average number of full-time 
employees for the Issuer was 614 and the number of full-time employees at the end of March 2021 was 
613. 
The Issuer's head office is located in Ringkøbing and with a regional office located in Nørresundby. At the 
end of May 2021 the Issuer had six branches in Central and West Jutland (excluding the head office in 
Ringkøbing), 12 branches in North Jutland (excluding the regional office in Nørresundby), one in Aarhus 
and one in Copenhagen. Furthermore, the Issuer at the same date had five private banking branches with 
one at the head office in Ringkøbing, one in Herning located at the branch in Herning in Central Jutland, 
one located in Aarhus at the branch in Aarhus and one in Vejle – both in Eastern Jutland – one located on 
Zealand north of Copenhagen and finally one located in North Jutland in Hasseris (the Aalborg area) at the 
branch in Hasseris.  
The Issuer enjoys a strong position in both Central and West Jutland and in North Jutland with a very high 
degree of customer loyalty in both regions.  
In addition to traditional banking, the Issuer also provides services to selected customer groups throughout 
Denmark from the head office in Ringkøbing. 
The Issuer's market share of bank loans calculated on information as of year-end 2020 is approximately 2-
3 per cent. of the total bank loans in Danish banks. 
History 
The Issuer was founded on 14 April 1886, and its hallmark has always been stability and a sound footing 
in the culture of West Jutland. 
Over recent years, the Issuer's return on equity has been among the best in Denmark and during both the 
Nordic bank crisis in the late 1980s and early 1990s and the recent financial crisis the Issuer has always 
achieved positive results. 
In the period from the mid-1990s to 2006, the Issuer had a growth-oriented strategy which resulted in 
several different initiatives. In around 2012 the Issuer resumed the growth-oriented strategy.  
In 1995, the Issuer established a department for selected customers, focusing on niche businesses such as 
wind turbine financing, the financing of medical practitioners' purchase of private practices and private 
banking.  
In addition, the Issuer has opened branches in Central and West Jutland over the years in Herning (in 1995), 
Holstebro (in 1997) and Viborg (in 2001). In 2004, the Issuer introduced a private banking concept, a 
regular private banking department was established in Ringkøbing, and a private banking branch was 
established in Herning in connection with the concept. The concept proved successful and was further 
strengthened in 2010 with the opening of a private banking branch north of Copenhagen and in 2014 with 
the opening of a private banking branch in Aarhus in Eastern Jutland – the second biggest city in Denmark. 
This branch have over recent years expanded with both business customers and private customers. In 
January 2016, the Issuer opened a private banking branch in Vejle in Eastern Jutland and in 2019 a private 
banking branch was opened in Hasseris (in the Aalborg area) in North Jutland.

--- Page 93 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 86 - 
70-41019139 
 
In 2002 the Issuer merged with Tarm Bank, in 2004 the Issuer bought out the activities in the small 
cooperative bank Sdr. Lem Andelskasse and in 2015 it bought out the activities in the small savings bank 
Ulfborg Sparekasse.  
As stated above the Issuer on the 8 June 2018 merged with Nordjyske Bank A/S. Nordjyske Bank was a 
result of various mergers and acquisitions and the history of the bank dates back to 1891. In 2015 Nordjyske 
Bank A/S merged with another bank located in North Jutland, Nørresundby Bank A/S, with Nordjyske 
Bank A/S as the continuing entity. 
In June 2021, the Issuer entered into an agreement with Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A., of 
Luxembourg, regarding takeover of a client portfolio from BIL Danmark, branch of Banque Internationale 
à Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg.  
The present strategy of the Issuer is to realise healthy, organic growth which shall be created through 
increasing the market share in the areas surrounding the existing branches, through the niches in which the 
Issuer has specialised, for example renewable energy, whole sale loans (hereunder first priority financing 
of real property), etc. and the private banking branches of the Issuer.  
Ownership 
The Issuer is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and had 50,450 registered shareholders at the end of December 
2020.  
As of end June 2021 one shareholders – ATP, Hillerød, Denmark and Liontrust Asset Management Plc, 
London, Great Britain – have informed the Issuer that they individually own more than 5 per cent. of the 
share capital of the Issuer. 
According to the Articles of Association each share of nominal DKK 1 carries one vote and a shareholder 
may not cast more than 3,000 votes. 
Business areas 
The range of products the Issuer offers to its customers includes all traditional banking products to both 
business customers – mostly SMEs – and private customers including pension scheme products and 
mortgage credit loans, which are offered through cooperation with the mortgage companies Totalkredit 
(primarily to private customers) and DLR Kredit (primarily to business customers). 
Furthermore, the Issuer offers banking products to customers within selected niche areas where the Issuer 
maintains specialist knowledge and competencies. The selected niche areas include private banking, the 
financing of medical practitioners' and dentists' purchase of private practices, financing of renewable 
energy, including wind turbines, and selected whole sale loans, hereunder first priority financing of real 
property. 
Geographical location 
The map below sets out an overview of the loans and guarantee portfolio by customer location as a 
percentage of total bank loans and guarantee portfolio on a pro forma basis for the Issuer at the end of 
December 2020.

--- Page 94 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 87 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
As will be evident from the map above there is a geographic diversification of the Issuer's loans and 
guarantee portfolio with the highest concentration in North Jutland (North Denmark Region), West, Central 
and East Jutland (Central Denmark Region) and in the Copenhagen area (Capital Region of Denmark). 
Management 
As of the end of May 2021 the Issuer's Board of Directors consisted of twelve members and the shareholders 
of the Issuer had elected 42 representatives to a Shareholders' Committee. This Committee has elected eight 
members to the Board of Directors and staff in the Issuer has elected four representatives to the Board of 
Directors.  
The Articles of Association of the Issuer determines that the size of the Shareholders' Committee shall be 
jointly determined by the Shareholders' Committee and the Board of Directors and have a minimum of 37 
and a maximum of 42 members. Furthermore, the Articles of Association determines that the Board of 
Directors shall consist of at least six and at most eight members who shall be elected by the members of 
the Shareholders' Committee. The Board of Directors shall also include the number of staff members as 
prescribed by law. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the Issuer's Board of Directors or the Issuer's General 
Management and their private interests or other duties. 
The Board of Directors comprises of the following persons: 
Elected by the Shareholders' Committee: 
Martin Krogh Pedersen, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Business address: 
Birkevej 2 
DK-6971 Spjald 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
KP Components A/S 
KP Components Group A/S 
KP Group Holding ApS  
MHKP Holding ApS

--- Page 95 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 88 - 
70-41019139 
 
MHKPO ApS 
MHKPS ApS 
PcP Corporation A/S  
PcP Danmark A/S 
The supplementary pension fund for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank  
Techo A/S 
Mads Hvolby, Nørresundby 
Chartered surveyor  
Deputy chairman of the Board of Directors  
Business address:  
Gasværksvej 30 R 
DK-9000 Aalborg  
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Landinspektørernes Gensidige Erhvervsansvarsforsikring  
Landinspektørfirmaet LE34 A/S 
M. Hvolby Holding ApS 
NP Partnere I/S 
Ny NB Gruppen Landinspektøraktieselskab 
Jens Møller Nielsen, Ringkøbing 
Retired general manager 
Deputy chairman of the Board of Directors 
Business address: 
Herningvej 3 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Den Selvejende Institution Generator 
Ringkøbing Station 
Morten Jensen, Dronninglund 
Attorney-at-law 
Business address: 
Hasserisvej 174 
DK-9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Advokatfirmaet Børge Nielsen 
AEC-Fonden 
Andersen & Aaquist A/S 
ANS-Fundacion Fonden 
Christine og Poul Goos Fond for Fri Forsikring 
Dan Østergaard ApS 
Dansk Bilglas A/S 
Dansk Facility Service Holding A/S  
DCH A/S 
Desmi Contracting A/S  
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland I A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland II A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland III A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland IV A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland V A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland VI A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland VII A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland VIII A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland IX A/S  
Ejendomsselskabet Nordtyskland Kommanditaktieselskab  
Ejendomsselskabet Svinkløv Badehotel A/S

--- Page 96 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 89 - 
70-41019139 
 
Ejendomsselskabet Udsigten A/S 
Ergonomic Solutions International Ltd. 
Ergonomic Solutions Manufacturing A/S  
Ergonomic Solutions Nordic A/S 
Havnens Fiskebod A/S 
Hotel Sandvig Havn ApS 
JenSchu K/S  
Kjærgaard Bord A/S 
Lundagergaard Holding ApS 
Madera Holding ApS  
Mesterbyg Klokkerholm A/S 
Micodan A/S 
Micodan Ejendomme A/S  
Micodan Holding A/S  
Micodan Norge AS  
Miljø-Art A/S  
P.J. Skovværktøj, Nørresundby ApS 
PM Energi A/S 
PM Parts A/S  
RengøringsCompagniets Fond 
Saga Shipping A/S 
Saxtoft Holding ApS 
Sølund Ejendomsinvest Holding A/S 
Teglbakken, Niverød P/S 
Toma Facility Denmark A/S 
Tribodan A/S 
Vibeke Emborg Holding ApS 
Vibeke Emborg Invest ApS 
 
Jon Steingrim Johnsen, Humlebæk 
COO 
Business address: 
Tuborg Boulevard 3 
DK-2900 Hellerup 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
AIP Mangament P/S 
A/S Kjøbenhavns Ejendomsselskab 
Ejendomsaktieselskabet Dronningegården 
Farmakonomernes Ejendomsaktieselskab 
Farmapension A/S 
Forca A/S 
Forsikring & Pension 
Forsikringsorganisationernes Fællessekretariat F.M.B.A. 
Forstædernes Ejendomsaktieselskab 
IIP Denmark P/S 
IIP Denmark GP ApS 
Institutional Holding P/S 
Pensionskassen for Farmakonomer 
Pensionskassen for Socialrådgivere, Socialpædagoger og Kontorpersonale 
Pensionskassen for Sundhedsfaglige 
Pensionskassen for Sygeplejersker og Lægesekretærer 
Pensionskassernes Administration A/S 
PKA Ejendomme I I/S 
PKA Ejendomme af 2012 I/S 
PKA Ejendomme af 2013 I/S 
PKA Private Funds III GP ApS 
PKA Private Funds IV GP ApS

--- Page 97 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 90 - 
70-41019139 
 
PKA Projektselskab I/S 
PKA Skejby P/S 
PKA Skejby Komplementar ApS 
PKA Venture I GP ApS 
PKA+Pension Forsikringsselskab A/S 
Poppelstykket 12 A/S 
Rugårdsvej Odense A/S 
Socialrådgivernes, Socialpædagogernes og Kontorpersonalets Ejendomsaktieselskab 
Sundhedsfagliges Ejendomsaktieselskab 
Sygeplejerskernes og Lægesekretærernes Ejendomsaktieselskab 
Tuborg Havenvej I/S 
Jacob Møller, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Business address: 
Ndr. Ringvej 4 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Dansk Energi  
Goenergi A/S 
Iron Fonden 
Iron Pump A/S  
Iron Pump Ejendomme A/S  
Iron Pump Holding A/S  
N H Vind 16 ApS 
RAH A.M.B.A. 
RAH Fiberbredbånd A/S  
RAH Holding A/S  
RAH Net A/S  
RAH Service A/S  
Scanenergi A/S  
Scanenergi Elsalg A/S  
Scanenergi Holding A/S  
Scanenergi Solutions A/S  
Vestjyske Net 60 KV A/S  
Vestjyske Net Service A/S 
Lone Rejkjær Söllmann, Tarm 
Financial manager 
Business address: 
Tværvej 31-33 
DK-6880 Tarm 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Tama ApS 
Sten Uggerhøj, Frederikshavn 
Car dealer 
Business address: 
Søndergade 244 
DK-9900 Frederikshavn 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Administrationsselskabet Techno A/S 
A/S Knud Uggerhøj 
Aktieselskabet Trigon  
Atletikvej 1 ApS

--- Page 98 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 91 - 
70-41019139 
 
Civilingeniør Bent Bøgh og Hustru Inge Bøghs Fond  
Dalsgaard Biler A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Møllehuset A/S 
Ejendomsselskabet Wedellsborgvej 1 A/S  
Fortin Madrejon A/S  
Hjørring Bilcenter A/S 
Knud Uggerhøj Kapital ApS 
MAN Nordjylland A/S 
Selmer Retail Silkeborg A/S 
Solgt.com Invest ApS 
Techno Danmark F.M.B.A. 
Trigon Holding A/S 
Uggerhøj A/S  
Uggerhøj Ejendomme A/S  
Uggerhøj Erhverv ApS  
Uggerhøj Finans A/S  
Uggerhøj Herning A/S  
Uggerhøj Holding ApS  
Uggerhøj Horsens A/S  
Uggerhøj Aarhus A/S 
UGTHO ApS 
Elected by the employees: 
Dan Junker Astrup, Videbæk 
Credit manager 
Business address: 
Torvet 1 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Gitte Elisa Sigersmunda Høgholm Vigsø, Holstebro 
MA (Laws) / compliance employee 
Business address: 
Torvet 1 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
Other managerial activities – member of the management of: 
Finansforbundet  
Finansforbundet Kreds Vest 
FTFa 
The supplementary pension fund for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
Arne Ugilt, Hjørring 
Credit consultant 
Business address: 
Torvet 4 
DK-9400 Nørresundby 
Denmark 
Finn Aaen, Aalborg 
Business advisor 
Business address: 
Torvet 4 
DK-9400 Nørresundby 
Denmark

--- Page 99 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 92 - 
70-41019139 
 
The Board of Directors appoints the General Management, which comprises: 
John Bull Fisker, Ringkøbing 
CEO 
Member of the board of directors of: 
Letpension A/S, Copenhagen (chairman) 
Foreningen Bankdata, Fredericia (deputy chairman) 
BI Holding A/S, Copenhagen (deputy chairman) 
BI Asset Management Fondsmæglerselskab A/S, Copenhagen (deputy chairman) 
PRAS A/S, Copenhagen 
The supplementary pension fund for employees of Ringkjøbing Landbobank, Ringkøbing 
Member of the customer board of: 
PFA Pension A/S, Copenhagen 
Claus Andersen, Frederikshavn 
General manager 
Member of the board of directors of: 
Sæbygård Skov A/S, Ringkøbing (chairman) 
DLR Kredit A/S, Copenhagen 
Lokale Pengeinstitutter, Copenhagen 
Jørn Nielsen, Ringkøbing 
General manager 
Carl Pedersen, Nørresundby 
General manager 
Member of the board of directors of: 
Byggesocietetet Aalborg Aalborg 
Direktør Carl Nøhr Frandsens Familie Fond, Nøresundby 
Vækst-Invest Nordjylland A/S, Aalborg 
Objective 
The Issuer has defined a number of objectives which are: 
Full-service bank with a high level of competence: The Issuer wants to be known as a competent full-
service bank and a strong niche player within private banking, covering high net worth private customers 
and financing of securities, financing of renewable energy projects, including wind turbines, financing of 
medical practitioners' and dentists' purchase of private practices, and selected wholesale loans. This 
involves a constant focus on the development of employee competencies. 
Performance: The Issuer's objective is to achieve operating results among the best third, within the Danish 
financial sector. The Issuer's strategy for achieving this is through rational bank operations and a sound 
credit policy. The Issuer will focus on: 1) retention and development of the customer portfolio which is 
situated in North, Central and Western Jutland; and 2) serving and development of selected customer groups 
throughout Denmark via the niche concepts and the Issuer's Private Banking branches through delivering a 
high level of expertise and competitive products. 
Capital Structure: The Issuer intends to continue to run its business on a solid capital base. The Board of 
Directors have decided the following current long-term capital targets for the Issuer.  
The common targets are: CET 1 capital ratio must be 13.5 per cent.; the total capital ratio must be 17 per 
cent. and the MREL capital ratio for covering the MREL requirement must be 23.5 per cent., including the 
capital buffers.  
All capital targets are minimum figures that must be met at the end of the year, as there may be fluctuations 
in the capital ratios over the year.

--- Page 100 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 93 - 
70-41019139 
 
The MREL requirement mentioned in section "Risk factors - Risks related to Notes generally - Recovery 
and Resolution Directive" had to be met already from the beginning of 2019, because the Issuer has decided 
to meet the fully phased-in MREL requirement from that date. More information about the capital structure 
etc. can be found in the Annual Report for 2020 of the Issuer on pages 24-29, 69 and 114-115 and in the 
Q1 2021 Report ended the 31 March 2021 of the Issuer on pages 6-8, 10, 12, 19-20 and 36. 
Overview of financial performance 
The tables below set out an analysis of the Issuer's profit and loss account, balance sheet and certain key 
figures and ratios derived from its financial statements for the years set out below.  
The financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Danish 
Financial Business Act.  
Profit and loss account and balance sheet 
Please see below the audited figures for the whole year 2020 and the unaudited figures for the first quarter 
of 2020 and 2021 for the Issuer. All figures are extracted from the profit and loss accounts and balance 
sheets etc. (in accordance with the Danish Financial Business Act / Danish Gaap) of the Issuer. 
Selected main figures from the profit and loss accounts 
The Issuer 
 
Q1  
2021 
 
Q1  
2020 
Full year 2020 
 
(million DKK) 
Net interest income ..............................................  
328 
307 
1,252 
Net interest and fee income .................................  
547 
501 
2,053 
Value adjustments ................................................  
+41 
-27 
+126 
Staff and administration costs ..............................  
197 
191 
766 
Impairment charges for loans and other receivables etc.  
-32 
-78 
-233 
Profit before tax ...................................................  
354 
194 
1,144 
Profit after tax ......................................................  
282 
157 
920 
Total comprehensive income ...............................  
282 
157 
919 
 
Selected main figures from the balance sheets 
The Issuer 
 
 
31  
March  
2021 
 
31  
Dec  
2020 
31  
March  
2020 
 
(million DKK) 
Loans and other receivables at amortised cost ....  
37,210 
36,241 
36,130 
Deposits and other debt including pooled schemes 
 
41,766 
39,639 
37,051 
Shareholders' equity .............................................  
8,132 
8,146 
7,380 
Balance sheet total ...............................................  
56,845 
54,862 
51,531 
Contingent liabilities ............................................  
10,370 
9,812 
9,992 
Total capital*1 ......................................................  
8,614 
8,774 
8,009 
 _______________  
1 
Capital base is computed as own funds after deductions.

--- Page 101 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 94 - 
70-41019139 
 
Key figures for the Issuer and for "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
Key figures for the Issuer and for "Old" 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank*1 
 
The Issuer 
"Old" Ringkjøbing 
Landbobank 
 
As at  
31 March 
 
As at  
31 Dec 
 
As at  
31 March  
 
 
 
 
As at  
31 Dec 
 
As at  
31 December  
 
 
2021 
2020 
2020*2 
2019*2 
2018*2 
2017 
2016 
Pre-tax return on equity (per cent.) ....................... 
4.3 
14.5 
2.6 
16.8 
14.8 
19.9 
19.3 
Return on equity after tax (per cent.) .................... 
3.5 
11.7 
2.1 
13.2 
12.1 
16.0 
15.8 
Income/cost ratio (DKK) ...................................... 
2.48 
2.10 
1.69 
2.34 
1.99 
3.13 
2.81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) ............................... 
16.8 
17.5 
14.7 
14.7 
14.6 
16.5 
16.9 
Total capital ratio (per cent.)................................. 
20.4 
21.1 
19.3 
20.0 
18.4 
17.8 
18.3 
MREL capital ratio (per cent.) .............................. 
25.6 
26.7 
26.5 
27.3 
24.9 
– 
– 
 _______________  
1 
Key figures as defined by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
2 
The bank's capital and capital ratios were adjusted retrospectively in 2020 for the period from the end of the second quarter of 
2018 to the end of the second quarter of 2020.  The adjustment was made because the Danish FSA advised the bank in 2020 that 
it cannot include the IFRS 9 addition taken over from Nordjyske Bank in the calculation of the transition programme concerning 
IFRS 9. The change had a small effect on the various items presenting the bank's capital and capital ratios. The capital ratios 
under the headline marked with *2 are corrected. 
The Issuer has reduced its share capital once in each of the years 2012-2021. 
The Issuer's annual general meeting of 3 March 2021 renewed the Issuer's Board of Directors general 
authority 
to permit the Issuer to acquire its own shares to a total nominal value of 10 per cent. of the Issuer's share 
capital, 
so that the shares can be acquired at the current listed price, plus or minus 10 per cent. at the time of 
acquisition. 
 
The Issuer's Board of Directors decided 3 February 2021 to implement a share buy-back programme 
totalling DKK 255 million for cancellation at a future general meeting. The share buy-back programme 
should run from 4 February 2021 up to and including 31 July 2021.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is DKK 29,067,721.  
The Board of Directors can increase the share capital by nom. DKK 5,813,544 with right of pre-emption 
and nom. DKK 2,906,772 without right of pre-emption in one or more increases until 2 March 2026. 
Loan and guarantee portfolio 
The table below sets out the Issuer's loans and guarantees by sector and industry, as a percentage of the 
Issuer's total loans and guarantees. 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March 
2021* 
As at 
31 December 
2020* 
As at  
31 December 
2019* 
Public authorities ....................................................................................  
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Business 
 
 
 
Agriculture, hunting and forestry,  
 
 
 
Cattle farming etc. .....................................................................................  
1.3 
1.3 
1.4 
Pig farming etc. .........................................................................................  
1.3 
1.2 
1.3 
Other agriculture, hunting and forestry ....................................................  
5.3 
5.4 
5.5 
Fishing .......................................................................................................  
1.7 
1.8 
2.1 
Industry and raw material extraction ........................................................  
2.7 
2.7 
3.2

--- Page 102 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 95 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March 
2021* 
As at 
31 December 
2020* 
As at  
31 December 
2019* 
Energysupply 
 
 
 
 Renewable energy ....................................................................................  
7.0 
7.2 
6.7 
 Other energy supply .................................................................................  
0.3 
0.3 
0.3 
Building and construction .........................................................................  
3.4 
3.3 
3.3 
Trade .........................................................................................................  
3.5 
3.3 
3.9 
Transport, hotels and restaurants ..............................................................  
2.1 
2.0 
1.8 
Information and communication ...............................................................  
0.5 
0.5 
0.5 
Financing and insurance ...........................................................................  
8.1 
8.1 
7.7 
Real property 
 
 
 
 First-priority without prior creditors** ....................................................  
12.6 
12.7 
12.0 
 Other real estate financing*** .................................................................  
4.3 
4.2 
4.8 
Other business ...........................................................................................  
7.2 
7.1 
6.6 
Total business ..........................................................................................  
61.3 
61.1 
61.1 
Private ......................................................................................................  
38.7 
38.9 
38.9 
Total ..........................................................................................................  
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
 
The distribution by sector and industry is based on the sector codes of Statistics Denmark (Da. Danmarks 
Statistik). 
*  
The figures as at 31 December 2019 as at 2020 are audited, whereas the figures as at 31 March 
2021 are unaudited. 
**  
Loans with first mortgages on real property and construction financing without prior creditors. 
***  
Other forms of real estate financing, including loans with second mortgage on real property and a 
strong lessee with an irrevocable lease. 
Funding structure 
The principal source of funding is customer deposits which accounted for 73 per cent. of the total funds 
(Balance Sheet total) at 31 March 2021, 72 per cent. at 31 December 2020 and 72 per cent. of the total 
funds at 31 December 2019. Other sources of funding include equity, subordinated debt and market funding 
(from credit institutions and central banks). 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 
March 
2021 
(million 
DKK) 
As at 
31 
December 
2020 
(million 
DKK) 
As at 
31 
December 
2019 
(million 
DKK) 
Equity ..................................................................................................................................  
8,133 
8,146 
7,610 
Subordinated debt ..............................................................................................................  
1,548 
1,549 
2,201 
Other liabilities etc. ............................................................................................................  
591 
718 
617 
Deposits and other debt including pooled schemes ........................................................  
41,765 
39,638 
38,128 
- on demand ..........................................................................................................................  
32,001 
29,973 
27,361 
- up to 1 year ........................................................................................................................  
1,829 
1,814 
2,552 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years ....................................................................................  
612 
669 
1,281 
- more than 5 years ...............................................................................................................  
2,408 
2,482 
2,658 
Pooled schemes ....................................................................................................................  
4,915 
4,700 
4,276 
Core funding .......................................................................................................................  
52,037 
50,051 
48,556 
Credit institutions and central banks ..............................................................................  
2,465 
2,449 
2,173 
- on demand ..........................................................................................................................  
757 
711 
745 
- up to 1 year ........................................................................................................................  
531 
678 
222 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years ....................................................................................  
545 
563 
686 
- more than 5 years ...............................................................................................................  
632 
497 
520 
Issued bonds........................................................................................................................  
2,343 
2,362 
2,212 
- on demand ..........................................................................................................................  
– 
- 
-

--- Page 103 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 96 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 
March 
2021 
(million 
DKK) 
As at 
31 
December 
2020 
(million 
DKK) 
As at 
31 
December 
2019 
(million 
DKK) 
- up to 1 year ........................................................................................................................  
– 
 
- 
- more than 1 year and up to 5 years ....................................................................................  
1,675 
1,676 
1,550 
- more than 5 years ...............................................................................................................  
668 
686 
662 
Market funding ..................................................................................................................  
4,808 
4,811 
4,385 
Total Funds (Balance Sheet total) ....................................................................................  
56,845 
54,862 
52,941 
 
The funding structure by the end of March 2021, December 2020 and December 2019 is shown in the table 
below. 
Distribution of funding 
The Issuer 
 
As at  
31 
March 
2021  
(per 
cent.) 
As at 
31 
December 
2020 
(per 
cent.) 
As at 
31 
December 
2019  
(per 
cent.) 
Capital base (equity and subordinated debt) ......................................................................  
17 
18 
19 
Other liabilities ....................................................................................................................  
1 
1 
1 
Deposits and other debt .......................................................................................................  
73 
72 
72 
Debt to credit institutions – term to maturity over 1 year. .................................................  
2 
2 
2 
Debt to credit institutions – term to maturity under 1 year ................................................  
3 
3 
2 
Issued bonds – term to maturity over 1 year ......................................................................  
4 
4 
4 
Issued bonds – term to maturity under 1 year ....................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
Total ....................................................................................................................................  
100 
100 
100 
 
As seen from the table below, the Issuer had as at 31 March 2021, debt to credit institutions and issued 
bonds of DKK 1,288 million which expire within the next 12 months. This is more than covered by claims 
on central banks, other credit institutions and listed securities (also as seen from the table below): 
 
The Issuer 
 
As at 
31 March 
2021 
(million DKK) 
As at 
31 December 
2020 
(million DKK) 
As at 
31 December 
2019 
(million DKK) 
Debt to credit institutions and central banks – term to maturity under 1 
year ......................................................................................................  
 
1,288 
1,389 
967 
 
 
 
 
Total ........................................................................................................  
1,288 
1,389 
967 
 
 
 
 
Cash in hand and demand deposits with the central bank of Denmark .  
4,341 
659 
686 
Receivables with notice from central banks – certificate of deposits ....  
0 
3,212 
2,486 
Receivables from credit institutions – term to maturity under 1 year ....  
236 
115 
133 
Listed bonds, shares and investment funds certificates at fair value .....  
6,060 
6,677 
6,812 
Total ........................................................................................................  
10,637 
10,663 
10,117 
Excess cover ...........................................................................................  
9,349 
9,274 
9,150 
As per the table above, the Issuer had excess coverage of approximately DKK 9.3 billion at the end of 
December 2020 and DKK 9.3 billion at the end of March 2021.

--- Page 104 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 97 - 
70-41019139 
 
Risks and risk management 
The Issuer is exposed to various types of risks in connection with its operations: credit risk, liquidity risk, 
operational risk, hereunder AML risk and IT risk and market risk. The Issuer's total market risk is comprised 
of interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, share risk and property risk. 
The Issuer's general policy with respect to assumption of risks is that the Issuer only assumes risks which 
it considers to be within a moderate risk profile and which are in accordance with the business principles 
under which the Issuer is run, and which the Issuer possesses the expertise to manage. 
The general policy for management and monitoring of the various risks is that there must be both central 
control and central monitoring as well as reporting to the Issuer's General Management and Board of 
Directors. The management function and the control and reporting functions are separate, and the tasks in 
question are performed by different departments in the Issuer's central staff functions. 
The section below contains a description of the various credit and market risks which should be read in 
conjunction with the Annual Report for 2020 and the Q1 2021 Report for the three months ended 31 March 
2021 for the Issuer which contains specific numbers. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that payments owed to the Issuer are judged not to be collectable because 
of certain customers' lack of ability or willingness to pay at the agreed time. 
The Issuer assumes credit risks on the basis of a policy, the objectives of which are to ensure a balance 
between risks assumed and the return gained by the Issuer, the maintenance of losses at an acceptable level 
relative to the Danish financial sector. 
Historically, the "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank has always had a sound and conservative credit policy, 
and for the Issuer the focus will remain on ensuring an efficient management and monitoring of the Issuer's 
total portfolio of loans and guarantees via its central credit department. 
Actual net losses 
The table below documents the performance of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank's credit policy.  
Over the years the "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank has accumulated a reserve for loan losses and provisions 
for losses on guarantees which amounted to approximately DKK 931 million by the end of 2017. This has 
been established as the impairment charges included in the statement of income have been higher than the 
actual net losses shown in the table below. In connection with the merger in 2018, the loss write-off policy 
of Nordjyske Bank was harmonised to the loss write-off policy of the Issuer where by actual losses exceeded 
the impairment charges included in the statement of income. The harmonisation continued in 2019 and 
partly in 2020. 
The total cumulative impairment charges for loans and other receivables, provisions for losses on 
guarantees and unutilised credit facilities of the Issuer was at the end of March 2021 total DKK 2,245 
million. 
The table below focuses on the actual losses of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank and the Issuer providing a 
fair picture of the historic real losses of "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank. 
Actual net losses on loans and guarantees in DKK thousands 
Year 
Actual net 
losses 
Actual net 
losses after 
interest 
Loans and 
other 
debtors 
with 
suspended 
calculation 
of interest 
Impairments 
for loans and 
provisions 
for 
guarantees 
Total loans, 
guarantees, 
impairments 
and 
provisions 
for 
guarantees 
Percentag
e loss 
before 
interest* 
Percentage 
loss after 
interest* 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Old" Ringkjøbing 
Landbobank 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1987.................................... 
-6,696 
304 
10,544 
75,000 
1,358,464 
-0.49% 
0.02%

--- Page 105 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 98 - 
70-41019139 
 
Year 
Actual net 
losses 
Actual net 
losses after 
interest 
Loans and 
other 
debtors 
with 
suspended 
calculation 
of interest 
Impairments 
for loans and 
provisions 
for 
guarantees 
Total loans, 
guarantees, 
impairments 
and 
provisions 
for 
guarantees 
Percentag
e loss 
before 
interest* 
Percentage 
loss after 
interest* 
1988.................................... 
-14,205 
-5,205 
4,522 
93,900 
1,408,830 
-1.01% 
-0.37% 
1989.................................... 
-18,302 
-5,302 
13,107 
117,270 
1,468,206 
-1.25% 
-0.36% 
1990.................................... 
-15,867 
-1,867 
47,182 
147,800 
1,555,647 
-1.02% 
-0.12% 
1991.................................... 
-11,429 
3,571 
47,626 
170,000 
1,805,506 
-0.63% 
0.20% 
1992.................................... 
-32,928 
-14,928 
43,325 
177,900 
1,933,081 
-1.70% 
-0.77% 
1993.................................... 
-27,875 
-6,875 
30,964 
208,700 
1,893,098 
-1.47% 
-0.36% 
1994.................................... 
-14,554 
4,446 
33,889 
223,500 
1,938,572 
-0.75% 
0.23% 
1995.................................... 
-10,806 
10,194 
27,292 
238,800 
2,058,561 
-0.52% 
0.50% 
1996.................................... 
-19,802 
-1,802 
18,404 
233,400 
2,588,028 
-0.77% 
-0.07% 
1997.................................... 
-31,412 
-12,412 
39,846 
236,600 
3,261,429 
-0.96% 
-0.38% 
1998.................................... 
-2,914 
18,086 
4,905 
263,600 
3,752,602 
-0.08% 
0.48% 
1999.................................... 
-442 
21,558 
18,595 
290,450 
5,148,190 
-0.01% 
0.42% 
2000.................................... 
-405 
27,595 
12,843 
316,750 
5,377,749 
-0.01% 
0.51% 
2001.................................... 
-8,038 
20,962 
14,222 
331,950 
6,113,523 
-0.13% 
0.34% 
2002.................................... 
-8,470 
20,530 
26,290 
382,850 
7,655,112 
-0.11% 
0.27% 
2003.................................... 
-22,741 
2,259 
23,412 
394,850 
8,497,124 
-0.27% 
0.03% 
2004.................................... 
-14,554 
9,446 
18,875 
404,855 
11,523,143 
-0.13% 
0.08% 
2005.................................... 
-22,908 
192 
35,796 
357,000 
15,522,264 
-0.15% 
0.00% 
2006.................................... 
-13,531 
7,028 
20,578 
295,000 
17,858,787 
-0.08% 
0.04% 
2007.................................... 
-15,264 
4,888 
13,190 
289,097 
19,227,573 
-0.08% 
0.03% 
2008.................................... 
-34,789 
-10,237 
22,110 
356,083 
16,475,975 
-0.21% 
-0.06% 
2009.................................... 
-73,767 
-47,658 
62,649 
467,025 
14,890,027 
-0.50% 
-0.32% 
2010.................................... 
-69,428 
-40,207 
66,237 
565,035 
14,758,234 
-0.47% 
-0.27% 
2011.................................... 
-78,813 
-43,073 
61,419 
649,856 
14,448,638 
-0.55% 
-0.30% 
2012.................................... 
-90,022 
-48,337 
113,312 
758,363 
14,849,602 
-0.61% 
-0.33% 
2013.................................... 
-69,030 
-25,117 
85,258 
853,421 
16,604,640 
-0.42% 
-0.15% 
2014.................................... 
-53,427 
-9,206 
58,244 
931,398 
18,073,200 
-0.30% 
-0.05% 
2015.................................... 
-87,250 
-48,815 
74,220 
942,950 
20,194,063 
-0.43% 
-0.24% 
2016.................................... 
-86,666 
-54,200 
59,904 
937,128 
20,878,475 
-0.42% 
-0.26% 
2017.................................... 
-45,769 
16,414 
24,995 
931,035 
23,465,775 
-0.20% 
-0.07% 
The Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2018.................................... 
-251,451 
-200,376 
209,642 
2,040,407 
43,220,158 
-0.58% 
-0.46% 
2019.................................... 
-187,787 
-118,934 
212,195 
2,031,645 
47,161,735 
-0.40% 
-0.25% 
2020.................................... 
-120,051 
-60,373 
264,721 
2,204,620 
48,257,615 
-0.25% 
-0.13% 
2021 (1 January 31 March) 
 ............................................ 
4,480 
8,241 
210,731 
2,244,770 
49,824,578 
-0.01% 
0.02% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Old" Ringkjøbing 
Landbobank / the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34 year average (1987-
2020)  ................................. 
 
 
 
 
 
-0.50% 
-0.06% 
10-year average (2011-
2020)  ................................. 
 
 
 
 
 
-0.41% 
-0.22% 
 
 _______________  
*Actual net losses relative to total loans, guarantees, impairment charges for loans and provisions for losses on guarantees, unutilised credit facilities 
and loan undertakings. 
 
Explanation: The percentage losses are computed as the actual net losses for the year before and after interest on the impaired part of loans as a 
percentage of total loans, guarantees, impairments for loans and provisions for guarantees. 
A minus in front of a percentage loss indicates a loss, while a positive percentage loss means that the interest on the impaired part of loans was greater 
than the actual net losses for the year. All the above figures are computed exclusive of amounts concerning reverse repo transactions and the national 
Bank Package I etc. 
 
The 10-year average and the 34-year average are calculated as simple averages. 
 
Supplementary comments on actual net losses in 2018, 2019 and 2020: In connection with the merger in 2018, the two banks' impairment policies for 
losses were harmonised. In 2018 this resulted in full and partial impairment losses on exposures taken over from Nordjyske Bank. This harmonisation 
continued to a lesser extent in 2019 and partly in 2020. 
 
*Credit concentration 
The Issuer is focused on its credit concentration. With effect from 1 January 2018 an updated benchmark 
for large exposures in the DFSA's Supervisory Diamond ("Supervisory Diamond") was implemented. 
Now the benchmark is calculated as the sum of a bank's 20 largest exposures relative to its CET 1 capital 
with a limit value of less than 175 per cent.

--- Page 106 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 99 - 
70-41019139 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
31 March  
2021 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Total Large Exposures (per cent.) ..........................................  
110.7 
99.8 
121.0 
 
Credit approval process 
The credit approval process is relatively centralised. There is a specific limit for credit approval defined for 
each employee which means that the employee in direct contact with the customer is able to approve minor 
credits. Medium sized credits/exposures can be approved by the branch manager whereas large 
credits/exposures need approval by the central credit department and/or by credit committees with General 
Management representation. Very large credits/exposures above a certain limit need approval from the 
Board of Directors. 
Samples of the credits approved are regularly and primarily taken by the central credit control department  
and subsequently, as the case may be, by the risk department to make sure the quality of the credit process 
is satisfactory (i.e. that collateral has been sufficiently ensured, the financial situation of the customer is 
well analysed and the customer has a reasonable ability to service the loans and in accordance with the 
credit policy of the Issuer). Furthermore, credits are audited by both the internal auditor and the external 
independent auditor of the Issuer on a regular test basis, and the credit approval process is also audited by 
the internal auditor of the Issuer. 
Credit monitoring and management 
All large credits are regularly reviewed. The Issuer collects accounts from all customers organized as 
limited liability companies as well accounts for a huge number of other customers. These accounts are 
analysed by the central credit department at least once a year and more frequently for large customer and 
customers where the potential risk of default is increased. 
In addition, surveys are conducted of the rest of the customer base. The samples of customers are selected 
randomly as well as by specific criteria such as overdraft, large exposures and specific types of credits 
which the Issuer expects to have an increased probability of default. For every customer with an increased 
probability of default a plan of action is defined by the customer advisor. These plans are approved and 
monitored by the central credit department. 
The Board of Directors receive quarterly reporting of the credit risks. 
Criteria for credit approval 
In general the Issuer focuses on the following characteristics in the credit approval process: 
• 
First priority security and/or other strong collateral; 
• 
Steady income/cash flow stream; and 
• 
Long-term relationship. 
The criteria above are also important to the niche areas of the Issuer. The niche areas have a clear preference 
for credits with low margin and low risk in comparison to more risky credits with a higher margin. 
The niche areas include: 
• 
Loans to finance renewable energy (wind turbines and solar plants and bio mass plants): The Issuer 
is primarily focused on wind turbines erected onshore primarily in Denmark and Germany and 
solar plants primarily in Denmark and bio mass plants in Denmark, where the Issuer grants first 
priority loans. Wind turbines and solar plants erected in Germany and bio mass plants in Denmark 
are of particular interest to the Issuer, as the governments in both countries have guaranteed a 
subsidy, which supplements the market based electricity price/natural gas price. Also wind turbines 
and solar plants erected in Denmark are of interest - here are the firm subsidy now set in a subsidy 
tender process and fixed before the construction phase of the project is initiated.

--- Page 107 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 100 - 
70-41019139 
 
• 
Financing of medical and dental practitioners' purchase or establishment of private practices and 
dentists' purchase or establishment of private practices: The establishment of a private medical 
practices is a highly regulated area in Denmark and the income inflow of a medical or dental 
practitioner is relatively stable compared to most other service trades. 
• 
Selected wholesale loans: Wholesale loans relate primarily to real property loans comprising of 
loans secured by a first mortgage on property and/or loans secured by a second mortgage on 
property combined with a lessee that is considered by the Issuer to be financially in good credit 
standing according to internal evaluation criteria of the Issuer and with an irrevocable lease. In the 
context of second mortgage financing, the Issuer places importance on the project's ability to settle 
the debt prior to the expiration of the lease. 
• 
Private Banking: Traditional private banking with a focus on assets under management and other 
aspects of optimising the customers' assets, including the financing of securities. 
The valuation of security is highly dependent on the business sector. In general the Issuer calculates a value 
which allows the owner to earn a reasonable rate of return. The rate of return is adjusted over time to reflect 
changed lending costs as well as return on alternative investments. The valuations of private houses are 
based on an assessor valuation as well as external property valuation models. 
Credit risk on financial counterparties 
Exposures to financial counterparties, and therewith a credit risk, (including settlement risk) arise in 
connection with the Issuer's trading in securities, foreign currency and derivative financial instruments, the 
Issuer's loans to other banks and the Issuer's possession of bonds and payment handling. Settlement risk is 
the risk that the Issuer will not receive payment or securities corresponding to the securities and/or payments 
which the Issuer had made and delivered in connection with the settlement of trades in securities and/or 
currency. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors grants lines for credit risks and the settlement risks against financial 
counterparties. When granting lines, account is taken of the individual counterparty's risk profile, rating, 
size and financial circumstances, and there is constant follow-up on the lines which are granted. 
The Issuer's policy is to keep the credit risk exposure to financial counterparties at a balanced level relative 
to the Issuer's size, and to credit institutions with good credit quality. 
Cash in hand and claims on central banks and credit institutions 
One of the two major items concerning the credit risk exposure to financial counterparties is credit balances 
with central banks and credit institutions. The Issuer has assumed only a moderate risk on this item, and for 
the Issuer the total receivables from central banks and credit institutions, 99 per cent. as at 31 December 
2020 was thus due within three months, and the percentage as at 31 March 2021 was 99 per cent. 
The bond portfolio 
The second of the two major items concerning the credit risk with financial counterparties is the Issuer's 
bond portfolio. For the Issuer the distribution of bonds by rating classes was as at 31 December 2020: 
Bonds distributed by rating classes  
As at 
31 December 
2020 
(per cent.) 
Aaa/AAA ...................................................................................................................................................................  
66 
Aa1/AA+ ....................................................................................................................................................................  
11 
Aa2/AA ......................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Aa3/AA- .....................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
A1/A+ .........................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
A2/A ...........................................................................................................................................................................  
0 
A3/A-..........................................................................................................................................................................  
2 
Baa1/BBB+ ................................................................................................................................................................  
6 
Baa2/BBB ..................................................................................................................................................................  
3 
Baa3/BBB- .................................................................................................................................................................  
2

--- Page 108 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 101 - 
70-41019139 
 
Bonds distributed by rating classes  
As at 
31 December 
2020 
(per cent.) 
Ba1/BB+- ...................................................................................................................................................................  
2 
Ba2/BB .......................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Ba3/BB-- ....................................................................................................................................................................  
– 
Not rated .....................................................................................................................................................................  
8 
Total ...........................................................................................................................................................................  
100 
 _______________  
Explanation: The bond portfolio distributed by rating classes. Ratings from the credit rating bureaus Moody's Investors Service, 
Standard & Poors and Fitch were used in the specification. 
The majority of the bond portfolio consists of AAA-rated Danish government and mortgage credit bonds. To 
this should be added a portfolio of corporate bonds etc. The credit quality of the bonds in the corporate bonds 
portfolio is good, but their market value can vary over time in connection with general changes in credit 
spreads in the market, and company-specific circumstances can also affect the value of these bonds. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the ability of the Issuer to ensure the availability of appropriate cash funds to meet 
its payments obligations, stemming from mismatches between the maturities of assets and liabilities, and 
the liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Issuer's activities and in the management of its 
operations. 
It is the objective of the Issuer that the budgeted liquidity meets the current LCR requirement for a period 
of at least 12 months and to maintain sufficient liquidity for a stress scenario by means of recovery plans 
for a period of at least 12 months. 
The daily liquidity is managed by the Issuer's accounts department and regularly reported to the Board of 
Directors and the General Management and the risk department controls the reporting. 
The Issuer's assets are funded from a range of sources, primarily the Issuer's deposits, by taking up longer-
term loans with other credit institutions, issuing preferred and non-preferred senior capital (MREL capital), 
by joint funding (bond issues) of the Issuer's home loans, via the subordinated capital taken up by the Issuer, 
and, finally, the Issuer's equity. 
The Issuer's deposit base consists of core deposits and deposits from customers with a long-term 
relationship with the Issuer. The Issuer has also entered into longer-term bilateral loan agreements with 
various European business partners.  
It should be noted that the Issuer's funding situation is not comprised such that the Issuer is dependent on 
the individual business partners. 
To ensure diversification in funding, the Issuer also has an EMTN bond programme of EUR 2 billion. The 
programme helps to ensure alternative funding sources for the bank. Funds were also raised under the 
programme in 2020.  
The Issuer has joint funding agreements with Totalkredit / Nykredit. The agreement mean that the Issuer 
can procure liquidity by letting Totalkredit / Nykredit issue SDO bonds against security in the loans, which 
the Issuer has provided to customers with security in real property.  
As at 31 March 2021 the value of the Issuer's deposits (excluding pooled schemes) and equity exceeded the 
value of the Issuer's loans by DKK 7.8 billion. In addition, part of the loan portfolio for renewable energy 
projects was refinanced back-to-back with KfW Bankengruppe, and DKK 1.2 billion can be disregarded in 
terms of liquidity. 
The Issuer's short-term funding (debt to credit institutions and centrals banks an issued bond) with a time 
to maturity of less than 1 year was by the end of March 2021 DKK 1.3 billion, corresponding to DKK 10.6 
billion primarily placed in short-term investments in the central bank of Denmark and in liquid securities 
(please refer to the section titled "Description of the Issuer – Funding Structure").

--- Page 109 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 102 - 
70-41019139 
 
In terms of liquidity, the Issuer must comply with the Liquidity Coverage Requirement ratio ("LCR Ratio"). 
This key ratio expresses the ability of banks to honor their payment obligations for a 30-day period without 
access to market funds. The LCR figure is computed as the ratio of a bank's cash and cash equivalents / 
liquid assets to its payment obligations for the next 30 days as computed in accordance with specific rules. 
The minimum LCR requirement for both systematically important financial institution ("SIFI") and for 
non-SIFI banks (the Issuer is a non-SIFI bank) is that the LCR Ratio must be at least 100 per cent. On 31 
December 2020 the Issuer's LCR Ratio was 206 per cent. and on 31 March 2021 the LCR Ratio was 188 
per cent and the Issuer thus met the requirement. 
With effect from 20 June 2018 the liquidity benchmark in the Supervisory Diamond was changed to an 
LCR benchmark, which will show the ability of banks to survive stressed liquidity for a three-month period 
with a limit of more than 100 per cent. As at 31 December 2019 and 2020 the Issuer's LCR three-month 
liquidity, which must exceed a limit value of 100 per cent., was 193 per cent. respectively 178 per cent. and 
as at 31 March 2021 it was 172 per cent.  
For data on the funding structure please see the financial description as well as the Annual Report 2020 
pages 13 and 40-41 and the notes to the Annual Report 2020 for the Issuer and on page 6 of the Q1 2021 
Report for the three months ended 31 March 2021 of the Issuer. 
Operational risk (non-financial risks) 
The operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect financial losses because of faults in internal 
processes and systems, human errors or external events. Operational risk also include risks related to IT 
risk etc. and to money laundering risk etc. 
The current capital adequacy rules require among other things banks to quantify and include an amount for 
operational risks when computing their capital adequacy.  
The Issuer uses the so-called basic indicator method, where, on the basis of calculation of an average of the 
most recent three financial years' net incomes, a sum is quantified and added to the total risk exposure to 
cover the Issuer's operational risks. 
The Issuer regularly produces reports on the losses and events which are attributed to operational risks. 
Based on these reports, an assessment is made whether procedures etc. can be adjusted and improved in 
order to avoid or minimise any operational risks. The Issuer's procedures are regularly reviewed and 
assessed by the Issuer's internal and external auditors. In addition, the Issuer conducts thematic reviews of 
selected business areas, identifying and assessing the potential risk scenarios for each area and subsequently 
adjusting the Issuer's procedures etc. accordingly. 
IT risks 
IT supports a large part of the systems and tools used by both the Issuer's customers and its employees. IT 
security is therefore an important element in the assessment of the Issuer's operational risks. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors sets and formulates the requirements regarding the Issuer's IT risks in the 
IT risk management policy and the IT security policy. These two policies form the basis for the Issuers’
work with IT risks. 
Part of the work with IT risks and their management is an annual risk analysis. The analysis assesses 
different IT risk scenarios for the Issuer's different systems and the probability and consequences of the 
different scenarios – before and after mitigating measures. 
The risk analysis is expressed as a risk score for each individual system. Requirements for the 
confidentiality, availability and integrity of the Issuer's systems are also assessed annually. 
Based on the above, the Board of Directors annually updates and approves the two policies. 
In addition to addressing IT risk management risks and IT security risks, the Issuer's IT organisation and 
management also regularly decide on the IT preparedness plans made.

--- Page 110 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 103 - 
70-41019139 
 
Preparedness exercises are carried out regularly to ensure that the bank is able to handle events that may 
arise. 
The Issuer's IT risk management policy, IT security policy and IT preparedness plans apply to all aspects 
of its use of IT, including IT that is fully or partly outsourced. 
These requirements apply to the Issuer's internal IT organisation as well as its primary external IT supplier 
Bankdata, which the Issuer owns together with a number of other banks, and JN DATA, which is a supplier 
to Bankdata and responsible for the daily operations. 
Combating money laundering, etc. 
An important area under non-financial risks is the risk that the Issuer can be abused for money laundering 
or financing of terrorism. The Issuer wants to contribute to combating any form of money laundering and 
financing of terrorism etc. 
The Issuer is required to maintain high standards for combating money laundering and financing of 
terrorism and to monitor and comply with financial sanctions. The Issuer has implemented internal 
procedures, controls, monitoring etc. to help comply with applicable rules in the area.  
Market risks 
Market risk is defined as the risk that the market value of the Issuer's assets and liabilities will change 
because of changes in market conditions. The Issuer's basic policy with respect to market risks is that the 
Issuer wishes to keep such risks at a moderate level. 
The Issuer has determined a concrete exposures limits for each type of market risk, and the risk assessment 
includes the objective that there must be a sensible and balanced relationship between risk and return. 
The Issuer uses derivatives to hedge and manage the various market risk types to the extent to which the 
Issuer wishes to reduce or eliminate, the market risks which the Issuer has assumed. 
To supplement the more traditional measures of market risk, the Issuer has a mathematical/statistical model 
to compute market risks. The model is used to compute Value at Risk ("VaR"), which is regularly reported 
to the Issuer's management. VaR is a measure of risk which describes the Issuer's risk under normal market 
conditions. 
An isolated VaR figure is calculated for interest rate positions, foreign exchange positions and listed share 
positions etc., and a total VaR figure is also calculated for all of the Issuer's market risks consisting of 
interest rate positions, foreign exchange positions and listed share positions etc. as the effect of 
diversification. This possibility of calculating a total VaR figure for the Issuer's market risks is one of the 
major advantages of the VaR model compared with more traditional measures of risk. 
More information about the VaR model can be found in the Annual Report for 2020 for the Issuer on pages 
13, 36, 39 and 108 and on page 6 of the Q1 2021 for the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
Interest rate risk 
The Issuer's loan and deposit business and accounts with credit institutions are mostly entered into on a 
variable basis. The Issuer also has certain fixed interest financial assets and liabilities, and hedging 
transactions are entered into as needed with a consequent reduction of the interest rate risk.  
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a moderate interest rate risk, and thus the Issuer does not assume high 
levels of exposure to movements in the interest level. 
The Issuer's interest rate risk is monitored and managed daily by the Issuer's securities department and the 
Issuer's accounts department controls maintenance of the limits for assumption of interest rate risk, and 
reports to the Issuer's Board of Directors and General Management. 
As will be evident from the below table, "Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank and the Issuer has had a moderate 
interest rate risk over the last five years in accordance with the Issuer's policy for this type of risk.

--- Page 111 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 104 - 
70-41019139 
 
Date 
Interest 
rate risk 
(per cent.) 
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
 
31 December 2015 .......................................................................................................................................................  
2.2 
30 June 2016 ................................................................................................................................................................  
2.1 
31 December 2016 .......................................................................................................................................................  
1.8 
30 June 2017 ................................................................................................................................................................  
0.8 
31 December 2017 .......................................................................................................................................................  
1.1 
The Issuer 
 
30 June 2018 ................................................................................................................................................................  
1.1 
31 December 2018 .......................................................................................................................................................  
1.0 
30 June 2019 ................................................................................................................................................................  
0.8 
31 December 2019 .......................................................................................................................................................  
0.9 
30 June 2020 ................................................................................................................................................................  
1.2 
31 December 2020 .......................................................................................................................................................  
1.0 
31 March 2021 .............................................................................................................................................................  
1.0 
 _______________  
Explanation: The interest rate risk shows the impact on profit of a one percentage point change in interest rate level as a percentage 
of the Tier 1 capital. 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Issuer's principal currency is Danish kroner, but the Issuer has also entered into lending and deposit 
activities in other currencies. 
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a low foreign exchange risk, so the Issuer reduces its exposures in foreign 
currencies via hedging. 
The Issuer's positions in foreign exchange are managed daily by the foreign department, while the Issuer's 
accounts department monitors maintenance of limits and reports to the Board of Directors and General 
Management. 
The Issuer's foreign exchange risk has in 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 as in the previous two years before 
been at an insignificant level. 
 
The Issuer 
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
 
31  
March 
31 
December 
31 
December 
31  
December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Foreign exchange position(*1) . 
1.4 
0.1 
1.4 
1.1 
1.1 
0.6 
Foreign exchange risk(*2) ........ 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
 _______________  
(*1) Foreign exchange position is defined as foreign exchange indicator 1 in per cent. of Tier 1 capital according to the definitions of 
the official key figures from the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
(*2) Foreign exchange risk is defined as foreign exchange indicator 2 in per cent. of Tier 1 capital according to the definitions of the 
official key figures from the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Share price risk 
The share price risk is the risk of losing money as a result of declining share prices of companies in which 
the Issuer owns shares. 
The Issuer co-owns various sector companies via equity interests in BI Holding A/S (BankInvest), Bokis 
A/S, DLR Kredit A/S, Letpension Holding A/S, PRAS A/S and others.  
The sector companies can be seen as a way of outsourcing a number of services while the Issuer still keeps 
an interest through its ownership stake in the companies. Larger banks typically provide these services 
through wholly owned subsidiaries, and the equity interests are thus not deemed to be a part of the Issuer's 
share risk as the positions are primarily held as alternatives to wholly owned subsidiaries. The Issuer also 
holds a small portfolio of listed shares etc.

--- Page 112 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 105 - 
70-41019139 
 
The Issuer's policy is to maintain a moderate share price risk. The daily management of the Issuer's share 
portfolio is undertaken by the securities department, while monitoring of the lines and reporting to the 
General Management and the Board of Directors are performed by the accounts department.  
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank and The Issuer has maintained modest share exposure during recent years. 
Date 
Share 
exposure  
(per cent.) 
"Old" Ringkjøbing Landbobank 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2016 .....................................................................................................................................................  
1.3 
31 December 2017 .....................................................................................................................................................  
0.6 
The Issuer 
 
31 December 2018 .....................................................................................................................................................  
0.8 
31 December 2019 .....................................................................................................................................................  
0.7 
31 December 2020 .....................................................................................................................................................  
0.6 
31 March 2021 ...........................................................................................................................................................  
0.4 
 _______________  
Explanation: The share exposure is computed as the Issuer's portfolios of shares (excluding sector shares and bond-based investment 
fund certificates) as a percentage of the Issuer's equity. 
Value at Risk 
The Issuer's total Value at Risk as at 31 December 2020 was DKK 13.7 million. This sum relates to the 
maximum loss from a statistical perspective which the Issuer could risk losing with 99 per cent. probability 
if all market positions were retained unchanged for a period of 10 days. 
VaR summary 2020 (million DKK) – The Issuer (Audited 
figures) 
Average 
Lowest 
Highest 
End of year 
Risk 
VaR  
Figure 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR  
figure 
Interest ........................................................................................... 
14.4 
7.8 
21.0 
11.5 
Foreign exchange .......................................................................... 
0.2 
0.0 
0.3 
0.0 
Share price ..................................................................................... 
3.8 
4.1 
0.5 
5.6 
Diversification ............................................................................... 
-3.5 
-4.8 
-0.7 
-3.4 
Total VaR figure ........................................................................... 
14.9 
7.1 
21.1 
13.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 _______________  
*Determined by the total VaR figure 
As shown from the table, the Issuer's total VaR figure throughout 2020 varied from DKK 7.1 million to 
DKK 21.1 million with an average of DKK 14.9 million. The variation over time reflects the fact that the 
Issuer regularly adjusts the size of its market positions, and that the risk in the financial markets varies over 
time. 
In the first quarter of 2020, the extraordinary market situation arising from the COVID-19 resulted in capital 
losses which lay outside the framework of fluctuations applied by the bank's Value at Risk model with 99% 
probability. This was not unnatural in a situation where market volatility exceeded historical market 
dynamics. The increased volatility has subsequently become part of the model's underlying data. 
The Issuer's total Value at Risk at 31 March 2021 was DKK 11.7 million. This sum relates to the maximum 
loss from a statistical perspective which the Issuer could risk losing with 99 per cent. probability if all 
market positions were retained unchanged for a period of 10 days. 
VaR summary 1 January – 31 March 2021 (million DKK) - 
The Issuer (unaudited figures) 
Average 
Lowest 
Highest 
End of 
period 
Risk 
VaR  
Figure 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR 
figure* 
VaR  
Figure 
Total VaR figure ........................................................................... 
10.9 
7.4 
15.0 
11.7

--- Page 113 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 106 - 
70-41019139 
 
 _______________  
*Determined by the total VaR figure 
 
As shown from the table, the Issuer's total VaR figure throughout the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
March 2021 varied from DKK 7.4 million to DKK 15.0 million with an average of DKK 10.9 million. The 
variation over time reflects the fact that the Issuer regularly adjusts the size of its market positions, and that 
the risk in the financial markets varies over time. 
Property risk 
The Issuer primarily wishes to possess only properties for use in banking operations, and also to maintain 
low property risks. 
The Issuer's portfolio of both domicile and investment properties is thus quite modest relative to the Issuer's 
balance sheet total and equity (domicile and investment properties totalled 0.4 per cent. of total assets and 
2.6 per cent. of shareholders' equity at 31 March 2021).

--- Page 114 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 107 - 
70-41019139 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's state and of the Issuer's state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
Danish Taxation 
The following is a general summary description of Danish taxation of the Notes according to the Danish 
tax laws in force at the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following assumes that 
the holder of the Notes is the beneficial owner of the Notes and payments thereon. The following summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be 
subject to special rules. The following cannot replace actual tax counselling. Potential investors are 
strongly recommended to obtain tax counselling from a competent tax advisor to clarify the individual 
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no representations 
regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
The existing Danish tax laws apply no general withholding tax or coupon tax to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in consolidated Act No. 251 of 22 February 2021 on corporate 
taxation (in Danish "Selskabsskatteloven") as amended from time to time. This will not have any impact on 
Noteholders who are not in a relationship whereby they directly or indirectly control, or are controlled by, 
the Issuer, or where the Noteholders and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control by a group 
of shareholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including individuals who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar 
enterprises resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent 
establishment in Denmark are liable to pay Danish tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable for individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Consolidated Act No. 
1283 of 25 October 2016 capital and exchange gains (in Danish "Kursgevinstloven"). Gains and losses on 
Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in 
Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on an unrealised basis.  
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally taxed once the gain or loss is realised. The 
net gains are taxed as capital income at a rate of up to 42 per cent in 2021. However, this rate does not apply 
if the individual is considered a professional financial trader. The gain or loss will only be included in the 
taxable income when the net gain or loss for the year on all debt claims, debt denominated in foreign 
currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment funds subject to the minimum taxation 
exceeds a total of DKK 2,000. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Consolidated Act No. 185 of 6 March 2020 on Taxation 
of Pension Investments Returns (in Danish "Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven"), as amended from time to 
time, would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value increase or decrease in the fair market 
value of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet") as specifically 
laid down in the act. Such net return is generally taxed at a flat rate of 15.3 per cent. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholders 
are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt 
in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above. Thus no Danish withholding tax 
will be payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or

--- Page 115 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 108 - 
70-41019139 
 
retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in 
respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or 
included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent 
establishment to which the Notes are allocated. 
FATCA 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the 
"ICSDs"), it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect 
of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent and the Common Depositary, given that each of the entities 
in the payment chain beginning with the Issuer and ending with the ICSDs is a major financial institution 
whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA. Any alternative approach introduced under an 
intergovernmental agreement will be unlikely to affect the securities. The documentation expressly 
contemplates the possibility that the securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be 
taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to 
withholding. However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances.  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 116 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 109 - 
70-41019139 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 29 June 2021, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by 
such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of 
such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or 
the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates (as 
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes and it and they have complied and will 
comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: If the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 117 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 110 - 
70-41019139 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation: If the applicable Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in the UK:

--- Page 118 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 111 - 
70-41019139 
 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of 
the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer represents and agrees that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any

--- Page 119 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 112 - 
70-41019139 
 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the Consolidated Danish Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020 on Capital Markets, as amended 
from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and Executive Order No. 2092 of 14 December 
2020, as amended from time to time, to the Danish Financial Business Act to the extent applicable. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service de gestion de portefeuille 
pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, acting 
for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or 
delivered and will not advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian 
Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian 
Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her 
trade, business or profession. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 120 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 113 - 
70-41019139 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 121 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 114 - 
70-41019139 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The current update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 May 2021. 
Listing, Approval and Admission of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. The listing of the Programme is 
expected to be granted on or before 29 June 2021. 
Documents Available 
(a) 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection at https://www.landbobanken.dk/en: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with a direct English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith. The 
Issuer currently prepares audited non-consolidated accounts on an annual basis; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each 
case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer 
currently prepares unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements on a quarterly 
basis; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Declaration of Direct Rights and the forms of the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons;  
(v) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of each VP Issuing Agency 
Agreement relating to VP Notes of the relevant Series will be available for inspection from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the VP Issuing Agent for the time being (save that a VP 
Issuing Agency Agreement relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the VP Issuing Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system (including the VP) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the VP are the entities in charge of 
keeping records.

--- Page 122 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 115 - 
70-41019139 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, and the address of VP is Weidekampsgade 14, PO Box 4040, DK-2300, 
Copenhagen S, Denmark. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020, save for the potential impact of COVID-19 as disclosed in "Risk Factors 
– Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects".  
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months before the date of this Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or 
profitability. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (state-
authorised public accountants), who have audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification, in accordance 
with Danish Standards on Auditing for the financial years, which ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 respectively. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. The audited 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 have been prepared in accordance with provisions of the Danish Financial Business Act. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is a member of "FSR Danske 
Revisorer", the Danish Association of State Authorised Public Accountants. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
Yield 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue 
price. It is not an indication of future yield.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 2138002M5U5K4OUMVV62. 
Issuer website 
The  Issuer's website is https://www.landbobanken.dk/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 123 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 116 - 
70-41019139 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ v 
£ v 
€ v 
2019 Accounts ................................................ 24 
2020 Accounts ................................................ 24 
30/360 ....................................................... 48, 54 
30E/360 .......................................................... 55 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 55 
360/360 ........................................................... 54 
Accrual Period ................................................ 47 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 54 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 54 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ...................................... 54 
Actual/Actual ................................................. 54 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 47 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 54 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 39 
Agent .............................................................. 39 
Amortised Face Amount................................. 68 
applicable Final Terms ................................... 39 
Bank .................................................................. i 
Banking Day ................................................... 78 
Bearer Notes ................................................ i, 39 
Benchmarks Regulation.................................... ii 
Bond Basis ...................................................... 54 
BRRD ............................................................. 43 
Business Day .................................................. 49 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 50 
Calculation Amount ....................................... 46 
Capital Markets Act ........................................ 39 
CIBOR ............................................................ 52 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................... ii, 25, 41 
Common Depositary ....................................... 25 
Common Safekeeper ...................................... 25 
Conditions ................................................ 29, 39 
Couponholders................................................ 40 
Coupons .......................................................... 39 
Covered Bonds ............................................... 44 
CRD Directive ................................................ 43 
CRD/CRR ....................................................... 43 
CRD/CRR Implementing Measures ............... 43 
CRR ................................................................ 43 
Danish Bankruptcy Act .................................. 44 
Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act ............................. 10 
Danish Business Day ...................................... 63 
Danish Kroner .................................................. v 
Danish Recovery and Resolution Act ............. 44 
Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers ..... 71 
Danish VP Registration Order ........................ 39 
Day Count Fraction .................................. 47, 54 
Dealer ................................................................ i 
Dealers ............................................................... i 
Declaration of Direct Rights ..................... 26, 40 
Designated Maturity ....................................... 50 
Determination Period ..................................... 48 
DFSA ................................................................ 6 
DKK .................................................................. v 
ESMA ............................................................... ii 
ESMA Benchmarks Register ............................ ii 
Established Rate .............................................. 46 
EURIBOR ....................................................... 52 
euro ............................................................. v, 46 
Eurobond Basis ............................................... 55 
Euroclear ............................................... ii, 25, 41 
Exchange Date ................................................ 25 
Exchange Event .............................................. 25 
Exchange Notice ............................................. 45 
FATCA ........................................................... 20 
FIEA ............................................................. 110 
Final Terms ....................................................... ii 
First Reset Date ............................................... 58 
First Reset Margin........................................... 58 
First Reset Period ............................................ 58 
First Reset Rate of Interest .............................. 58 
Fixed Interest Period ....................................... 47 
Floating Rate ................................................... 50 
Floating Rate Option ....................................... 50 
Global Note ..................................................... 39 
holder of Notes ................................................ 41 
holders ............................................................. 40 
ICSDs ...................................................... 20, 107 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money ................. 79 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate ..................................... 58 
Interest Amount .............................................. 54 
Interest Payment Date ..................................... 48 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 23 
ISDA Definitions ............................................ 49 
ISDA Rate ....................................................... 49 
Issuer ...................................................... i, 39, 84 
LCR Ratio ..................................................... 101 
LIBOR ............................................................ 52 
listed ................................................................... i 
London Business Day ..................................... 56 
Long Maturity Note ........................................ 62 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ................................... 58 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation .................. 58 
Mid-Swap Rate ............................................... 58 
NGN ................................................................ 25 
NIBOR ............................................................ 52 
NOK .................................................................. v 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations .................. 44 
Norwegian Kroner ............................................ v 
Noteholder ...................................................... 41 
Noteholders ..................................................... 40 
Notes ............................................................ i, 39 
Paying Agents ................................................. 39 
Payment Day ................................................... 63 
Permanent Global Note ................................... 25 
Permission 
Withdrawal 
Early 
Redemption 
Restriction ................................................... 71 
Permitted Security Interest .............................. 44 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................... 28

--- Page 124 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 117 - 
70-41019139 
 
Principal Subsidiary ....................................... 77 
Proceedings .................................................... 82 
Programme ........................................................ i 
Programme Agreement ................................. 108 
Prospectus ....................................................... 29 
Prospectus Directive ....................................... 29 
Put Notice ....................................................... 67 
REA ................................................................ 18 
Receipts .......................................................... 39 
Redeemed Notes ............................................. 67 
Redenomination Date ..................................... 46 
Reference Banks ............................................. 53 
Reference Rate ............................................... 53 
Relevant Date ................................................. 75 
relevant Dealer .................................................. i 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................... 45 
Relevant Notes ............................................... 47 
Relevant Regulator ......................................... 74 
Relevant Screen Page ..................................... 53 
Relevant Time ................................................ 53 
Reset Date ................................................ 50, 59 
Reset Determination Date ............................... 59 
Reset Margin .................................................. 59 
Reset Period .................................................... 59 
Reset Reference Banks ................................... 59 
Resolution Authority ...................................... 74 
Responsible Person .......................................... iii 
Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive
 .................................................................... 12 
Securities Act .................................................. iii 
Security Interest .............................................. 44 
SEK ................................................................... v 
Selection Date ................................................. 67 
Series ............................................................... 40 
SIFI ............................................................... 101 
Sterling .............................................................. v 
STIBOR .......................................................... 53 
Subsequent Reset Date .................................... 59 
Subsequent Reset Margin ............................... 59 
Subsequent Reset Period ................................. 59 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ................... 59 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 79 
sub-unit ........................................................... 48 
Swedish Kroner ................................................. v 
Talons ............................................................. 39 
TARGET2 System .......................................... 49 
Tax Jurisdiction ......................................... 74, 75 
Temporary Global Note .................................. 25 
Tier 1 Capital .................................................. 44 
Tier 2 Capital .................................................. 44 
Tranche ........................................................... 40 
Treaty .............................................................. 47 
U.S. dollars ....................................................... v 
U.S.$ ................................................................. v 
VaR ............................................................... 102 
VP ................................................................ i, 39 
VP Issuing Agency Agreement ....................... 39 
VP Issuing Agent ............................................ 39 
VP Notes ......................................................... 39

--- Page 125 ---
10203670954-v25 
- 118 - 
70-41019139 
 
ISSUER 
Ringkjøbing Landbobank Aktieselskab 
Torvet 1 
DK-6950 Ringkøbing 
Denmark 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Danish law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
 Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V  
Denmark 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Platanvej 4 
DK-7400 Herning 
Denmark 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited  
5th Floor 
The Exchange 
George's Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
 Denmark 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
 
 
 Nordea Bank Abp  
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA  
Finland 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 -
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden