--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS DATED 13 APRIL 2021 
ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V. 
(INCORPORATED WITH LIMITED LIABILITY IN THE NETHERLANDS UNDER THE NAME ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V. WITH CORPORATE SEAT 
AT SCHIPHOL, MUNICIPALITY OF HAARLEMMERMEER, THE NETHERLANDS) 
AS AN ISSUER AND AS A GUARANTOR 
SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V. 
(INCORPORATED WITH LIMITED LIABILITY IN THE NETHERLANDS UNDER THE NAME SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V. 
WITH CORPORATE SEAT AT SCHIPHOL, MUNICIPALITY OF HAARLEMMERMEER, THE NETHERLANDS) AS AN ISSUER AND AS A GUARANTOR 
€5,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
On 20 May 1999 Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (“RSG”) entered into a €500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (as supplemented and 
amended, the “Programme”). On 28 December 2001 Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland”) was substituted in place of RSG in respect of the 
outstanding Notes issued under the Programme and RSG became a guarantor in respect of such Notes. As from 8 March 2002, each of Schiphol Nederland 
and RSG (together the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) became an issuer under the Programme. This Prospectus supersedes the prospectus dated 11 May 
2020. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. 
This Prospectus does not affect any Notes already issued or any Notes issued after the date hereof and forming a single Series (as defined below) with Notes 
issued prior to the date hereof.
Under the Programme, each of the Issuers may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Each Issuer may further, at the time of issue, designate the Notes to be issued as “Green Bonds” 
in accordance with the Green Finance Framework of RSG as set out in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” of this Prospectus. 
The payment of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by RSG will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Schiphol 
Nederland (in its capacity as guarantor, a “Guarantor”) and the payment of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by Schiphol Nederland will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by RSG (in its capacity as guarantor, a “Guarantor”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (the “AFM”), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers which are 
the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made for the admission to listing on Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”) for Notes issued under the 
Programme up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus. References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading and have been listed on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, as amended “MiFID II”). Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Amsterdam, will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, provided that, in case of a listing on a regulated market, 
a prospectus supplement or individual (drawdown or base) prospectus is published. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)) have access within the UK or offered to the public in the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the UK Prospectus Regulation pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Issuers have been rated A1 (negative outlook) by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and A (outlook negative) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”). The Programme has been rated (P)A1 (Senior Unsecured) by Moody’s and A by S&P. Moody’s and S&P are established in the 
European Union (the “EU”) and are both registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Further information relating to the registration of rating agencies under the CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by either of the rating agencies referred to above or by any other rating agency as 
specified in the Final Terms or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any Tranche of Notes may adversely affect the market price of the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger  
ING 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATWEST MARKETS  
SMBC NIKKO
RABOBANK

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 4
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 6
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................ 26
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 30
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................................... 31
FORM OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 36
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................ 50
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 83
DESCRIPTION OF RSG ................................................................................................................................ 85
DESCRIPTION OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND ........................................................................................... 96
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF RSG ...................................................................... 105
FACTS AND FIGURES OF AMSTERDAM AIRPORT SCHIPHOL ........................................................ 107
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 111
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 115
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 122

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency, subject as set out herein. A summary of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the 
Notes appears below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under “Form of the Notes” 
below. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date and shall expire on 13 April 2022, at the latest, in relation to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
This Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on Euronext Amsterdam 
and/or any other stock exchange or market in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to 
the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the 
Programme, does not exceed €5,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of 
calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme 
from time to time: 
(a)
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form 
of the Notes”) shall be determined, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer, either as of 
the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against 
the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market 
quoted by any leading international bank selected by the relevant Issuer on the relevant 
day of calculation; and 
(b)
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form of the Notes”) and other Notes 
issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by 
reference to the net proceeds received by the relevant Issuer for the relevant issue.
This Prospectus contains statements which constitute forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding RSG’s or Schiphol Nederland’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of 
management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of RSG or Schiphol Nederland, or industry results, to be materially different 
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding RSG’s or 
Schiphol Nederland’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which RSG or 
Schiphol Nederland will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
of this Prospectus or as of such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. Subject to 
any continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law (including, without limitation, the obligation to 
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation), RSG and 
Schiphol Nederland expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in RSG’s or Schiphol 
Nederland’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such statement is based. The reader should, however, take into account any further disclosures

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of a forward-looking nature RSG or Schiphol Nederland may make in future publications. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial, legal and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland believes that the following factors may affect its ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of RSG and 
Schiphol Nederland to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by RSG and Schiphol 
Nederland based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order 
in which the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the 
risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential 
negative impact to the Issuers’ business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The 
Issuers may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below 
may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors 
could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk 
factors set out in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE RELEVANT ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
RELEVANT GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
RELEVANT GUARANTEE  
A. Risks related to the business and operations of Royal Schiphol Group 
A decrease in passenger numbers or other factors outside Royal Schiphol Group's control could reduce 
income  
A key factor affecting the financial performance and business prospects of RSG and its 
subsidiaries (the “Royal Schiphol Group”) is the number and type of passengers and aircraft using their 
airports and the level of demand for air travel, which affect the level of income generated by each of 
Royal Schiphol Group’s business areas, which includes aviation as well as non-aviation business areas 
such as retail income and real estate income. Such numbers, type and level of demand vary depending on 
several factors, many of which are beyond Royal Schiphol Group’s control, including domestic and global 
macroeconomic developments (such as the United Kingdom’s exit from the EU, known as “Brexit” – see 
below), demographic developments, socio-economic developments such as increasing nationalism, 
protectionism (which could lead to international ‘trade wars’) and populism, health scares, epidemics or 
pandemics (such as the Corona Virus (or COVID-19) – see below and the section ‘Description of Schiphol 
Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – COVID-19) across the globe, global terrorism threat, 
developments in the airline industry (such as the creation of new transfer hubs and more point-to-point 
flights decreasing the importance of transfer hubs), airline bankruptcies, accidents with aircraft, fluctuations 
in oil prices, taxation and emission regulation, increased focus on sustainability, decisions by airlines as to 
the size of aircraft used on certain routes and the destinations to be served from Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, and competition from other airports and modes of transportation. 
As all air travel to and from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is international, Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business at the airport is influenced by economic developments beyond the Netherlands, and 
currency exchange rates between the euro and other currencies.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Geopolitical developments greatly affect the aviation sector and can be major sources of 
uncertainty and concern. Brexit will impact the Netherlands and will affect the European economy (and 
with it, air transport trends for both passengers and cargo). The new trade agreement between the UK and 
the EU which came into force on 31 December 2020, preserves airline traffic rights between the UK and the 
EU, no longer allows UK airlines to operate from the Netherlands to other non-UK destinations. EU airlines 
also no longer have rights to operate between UK destinations or to fly from the UK to a third non-EU 
destination. 
Developments such as those mentioned above could have a negative effect on the development 
of the number and type of passengers and aircraft using the Royal Schiphol Group airports, passenger 
spending behaviour at the Royal Schiphol Group airports, the attractiveness of aviation and related 
commercial real estate at the airport premises, and Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Furthermore, Royal Schiphol Group is significantly impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 
outbreak. In 2020, the Royal Schiphol Group experienced a 71% decrease in passenger numbers compared 
to the passenger numbers in 2019. The outlook for the coming years is very uncertain and depends on the 
development of the COVID-19 virus, international coordination of travel measures, the profile of the 
economic recovery and behavioural changes by passengers and businesses. A return to 2019 traffic levels is 
not expected before 2023 at the earliest. As there is no precedent for an outbreak at this scale, it is unclear 
how the COVID-19 virus will develop and how it may affect traffic and travelling behaviour in the future. 
The eventual scale of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on Royal Schiphol Group's business, 
operational result, prospects and financial position is unpredictable, but it will be significant. There can be 
no assurance that future passenger numbers and aircraft movements at Royal Schiphol Group airports will 
be at levels comparable to those achieved in the past. In addition, future growth in passenger numbers may 
result in Amsterdam Airport Schiphol or other Royal Schiphol Group airports facing capacity constraints. 
For more information on the current capacity constraints at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport see the sections 
entitled “Risk Factors - Regulatory Framework - Environmental Regulation”, “Risk Factors – Royal 
Schiphol Group exposed to governance risks, as RSG is controlled by public entities”, “Risk Factors – 
Royal Schiphol Group could fail to meet its sustainability targets”, “Description of RSG - Recent 
Developments and Key Issues – Capacity limitations” and “Description of Schiphol Nederland - Recent 
Developments and Key Issues – Regulation, noise management and long term growth”. 
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Air France – KLM
Air France – KLM, including its partners, plays a key role at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, 
which serves as one of its two hubs together with Paris – Charles de Gaulle Airport. Air France – KLM 
accounted for approximately 56% of passenger volume at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in 2020, and will 
continue to account for a substantial portion of Royal Schiphol Group’s operating income and 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s passenger and cargo traffic and air transport movements for the foreseeable 
future. In particular, the number of transfer passengers is largely dependent on Air France – KLM. 
As a result of the above, Air France – KLM has a significant influence on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
aviation and commercial activities. A decision by Air France – KLM to restructure its route network or 
otherwise place less emphasis on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, a shift in business strategy by Air France – 
KLM, a material deterioration of the financial position of Air France – KLM, strikes by Air France – KLM 
personnel, or a substantial reduction in flight activity or commercial or operational differences of opinion 
between Royal Schiphol Group and Air France-KLM arising in respect of their relationship, could 
adversely affect passenger and cargo throughput and the number of air transport movements at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol, as well as the number of destinations served by the airport. In addition, a failure or 
inability to pay amounts owed to Royal Schiphol Group could have a significant impact on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s operating income. In particular, the COVID -19 outbreak is having an unprecedented impact on the 
aviation sector including on Air France – KLM. Flight activity, including that of Air France – KLM,  has 
shown a significant decline since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020. This drop in activity is 
having a major operational, logistic and financial impact on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol with Air France – 
KLM as its largest carrier. In 2020, the French government committed to provide, subject to certain 
conditions, a state aid package of EUR 7 billion, which has been approved by the European Commission.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
On 26 June 2020, the Dutch government announced a state aid package of EUR 3.4 billion for the KLM 
Group, consisting of EUR 2.4 billion in guaranteed bank loans and a EUR 1 billion direct loan from the 
Dutch government. On 13 July 2020, the European Commission approved the state aid package by the 
Dutch government for the KLM Group. On 6 April 2021, AirFrance-KLM presented a recapitalisation plan 
to improve its financial position. The plan, which has been approved by the European Commission consists 
of a capital increase by the French State through a new Air France-KLM share issue for an amount up to 
EUR 1 billion and conversion of a EUR 3 billion French State loan granted in 2020 into a hybrid capital 
instrument. The capital restructuring will be for the benefit of Air France. At the same time, the Dutch State 
indicated that it will continue discussions with the European Commission regarding potential capital-
strengthening measures for KLM. As the outlook for the aviation sector in the coming years is highly 
uncertain, it remains to be seen if the state aid measures by the French and Dutch governments are 
sufficient contributions for Air France – KLM to mitigate the negative financial impact resulting from the 
COVID-19 outbreak. If Air France – KLM's liquidity needs are not sufficiently addressed (through the 
provision of adequate state aid or adoption of other measures) and as a result, or for other reasons, Air 
France-KLM would be forced to substantially reduce its activities at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. This 
would have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group's business, operational result, prospects and 
financial position. 
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Air traffic control 
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the continued rise of international scheduled passenger traffic 
in Europe as forecast by the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”) has led Eurocontrol (the 
European air traffic control organisation of which Air Traffic Control The Netherlands 
(Luchtverkeersleiding Nederland, “LVNL”) is a member) to initiate numerous programmes to increase 
flight capacity through new technology and practices and through measures to harmonise European 
airspace (Single European Sky Programme and Airport Collaborative Decision Making Programme).When 
international passenger traffic recovers to pre-COVID-19 levels, the business operations of most European 
airlines and airports could be adversely affected by delays and sub-optimal flight paths without efficient 
increases in flight capacity over Europe. This in turn will directly affect the scheduling and capacity that 
can be delivered, and the ability to maintain or increase passenger and cargo traffic, at the Royal Schiphol 
Group airports. These events could have a negative effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol location 
Royal Schiphol Group is highly dependent on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is the main 
asset within the portfolio. 90% of all air transport movements and 89% of all passengers arrive or depart via 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and over 90% of revenues are generated by this airport location. Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s business operations are located in a relatively small geographic area near Amsterdam. If 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol was subject to a flood, fire or other natural disaster, terrorist attack, an 
accident involving an aircraft or infrastructure failure, a power loss or other event, the airport’s operations 
and revenues could be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn have a material adverse 
effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Incidents could occur at Royal Schiphol Group airports 
Royal Schiphol Group’s operations are subject to operational risks, such as fires, flooding or other 
national disasters or events, wind, extreme weather, bird strikes, drone incursions, interruptions to power 
supplies, human errors, safety incidents, technical failures, loss, corruption or interruption of data, and 
explosions. Each Royal Schiphol Group airport is also subject to business interruption risks as a result of 
the closure of air space or grounding of aircraft by local and international authorities. Some of these risks 
and hazards could result in damage or harm to, or destruction of, infrastructure, properties, people and the 
environment. Any or all of these hazards, as well as possible legal liability of a Royal Schiphol Group 
member arising thereof, could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. There is also the risk that a governmental inquiry may be held 
into the causes of an accident which may result in Royal Schiphol Group being required to modify its 
operations, incurring investments and/or expenses that could be significant. Although Royal Schiphol

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Group has taken out insurance against property damage, business interruption and third party liability, such 
insurance may not fully cover the consequences of all damage, business interruptions and other liabilities. 
Terrorism or accidents could occur at Royal Schiphol Group airports 
In common with other airports, and in addition to the general terrorism risk described under 
“Dependence on the number and type of aircraft and passengers” above, there is the risk of an accident or 
act of terrorism occurring at or near Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, or one of the other Royal Schiphol 
Group airports or operating locations. If an accident or act of terrorism occurs, operations at the airport may 
be disrupted for a period of time while the accident or act of terrorism is investigated and any ensuing 
damage is repaired. Consequences of such damage could also impact the use of the Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol location as described above under “The Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol location” and could also lead to  unplanned repairs as described below under “Unplanned repairs 
and maintenance could therefore have a material adverse effect”. The event could affect traffic levels for 
a longer period as well, which could also be (further) fuelled by the dissuasive effect of an act of terrorism 
causing passengers to avoid using the relevant airport(s). In addition, there is a risk that one or more 
parties who have suffered loss as a result of an accident seek compensation from Royal Schiphol Group, 
and that a governmental enquiry is held into the causes of the accident. Royal Schiphol Group may be 
required to incur costs and spend management time defending such a claim or participating in such an 
enquiry. If a claim is successful, Royal Schiphol Group could be ordered to pay significant sums of 
money to claimants to compensate them for losses they have suffered. A governmental enquiry may result 
in Royal Schiphol Group being required to modify its operations and to incur expense in doing so. New 
legislation may result in Royal Schiphol Group being required to take additional safety measures which 
may require significant investments. 
An accident or act of terrorism at or near Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, or one of the other Royal 
Schiphol Group airports or activities, could therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and information security 
incidents 
Royal Schiphol Group’s operations are dependent on information and its own information 
technology systems and those of its third party service providers. Royal Schiphol Group could be 
negatively impacted by cyber-attacks on any of these. The risk of cyber-crime has increased and is 
expected to increase further, especially as infiltrating technology is becoming increasingly sophisticated, 
and there can be no assurance that Royal Schiphol Group will be able to prevent all threats. This could 
result in material losses of client or customer information, damage Royal Schiphol Group’s reputation 
and lead to regulatory penalties and financial losses incurred by Royal Schiphol Group. 
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to the risk of sensitive information being leaked or provided 
unintentionally (to the competition), unauthorised access to data, virus infection of information systems and 
the loss of information. Also, there is a risk that Royal Schiphol Group fails to implement or update 
technologies, processes and practices designed to protect networks, computers, programmes and data from 
attack, damage or unauthorised access. Royal Schiphol Group is subject to significant obligations in respect 
of data protection legislation and failure to comply with such obligations may subject Royal Schiphol 
Group to regulatory action (including administrative fines) or civil claims, which could be substantial. 
These risks, actions and claims, should they materialise, may have a material adverse effect on Royal 
Schiphol Group’s business and reputation, competitive position, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition. If Royal Schiphol Group is required to modify its operations (including its information 
security systems) it may incur investments and/or expenses that could be significant. 
Unplanned repairs and maintenance could have a material adverse effect 
Royal Schiphol Group needs to carry out regular maintenance at its airports, of, amongst others, 
terminals, taxiways and runways. Taxiways and runways are typically shut down during periods of 
extensive maintenance and as a consequence this affects the allocation of air traffic movements. Due to 
operational hazards and the ageing terminal complex, unplanned repairs and maintenance might be required

--- Page 10 ---
10 
and could therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Labour relations may deteriorate 
Royal Schiphol Group may experience strikes or other significant work stoppages in the future 
which could for example impact the quality and range of services offered to both passengers and airlines 
and have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition if they last for a longer period. They could result in passengers choosing other airports 
for future travel and airlines suspending business at Royal Schiphol Group’s airports. 
Operations and passenger experience at Royal Schiphol Group airports depend upon third parties, 
whose performance the Royal Schiphol Group does not control 
The operation of the Royal Schiphol Group airports is largely dependent on the services of third 
parties, such as air traffic control authorities, airlines, ground handling companies and transport providers, 
and on public bodies such as customs and immigration authorities and airport police. Royal Schiphol Group 
members are not responsible for, and can only exercise limited control over, the services provided by these 
parties. 
Any disruption in the operations, or default in the performance, of these parties or adverse 
consequence resulting from their activities may affect passenger experience, have a material adverse effect 
on the accessibility and operation of the Royal Schiphol Group airports and on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
For instance, Dutch airports rely on a sophisticated network of domestic and international 
multimodal connections for their strong competitive position: passengers choose an airport based, in part, 
on its transport connections and ease of access, while businesses also factor in accessibility when selecting 
a location for their operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the accessibility of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, in particular, was under growing pressure as rising visitor numbers led to the increased use of the 
airport's roads, railway station and parking facilities. Security measures put additional strain on landside 
infrastructure, while construction work for the new pier has required Schiphol to reroute the roads in the 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol-Centre area. Royal Schiphol Group has reached an agreement with its 
partners to expand landside traffic capacity. However, increasing passenger volumes travelling to 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol could result in the current expansion plans being insufficient to support future 
passenger growth. Further expansions which are not under the control of Royal Schiphol Group (such as 
extension of Amsterdam’s North-South Metro line to Schiphol) could be needed. Failure to realise 
necessary further expansions could have a material adverse effect on the accessibility and operation of the 
Royal Schiphol Group airports and on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects 
and financial condition in the long term. 
The successful implementation of Royal Schiphol Group's capital investment programme is dependent 
on a number of factors 
Royal Schiphol Group currently makes, and is expected to make, significant budgeted capital 
expenditures over the next few years. Various large scale infrastructure projects are being undertaken, 
including projects to expand Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s landside roads and utilities as well as the 
construction of a new pier, the redevelopment of Terminal 1 and the doubling of taxiway Quebec. As a 
result of the COVID-19 crisis, construction of the new terminal has been postponed. 
The expansion and redevelopment of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will continue in the coming 
years to expand physical capacity, improve quality and further optimize processes. 
Adverse applications of existing regulations, the introduction of new regulations or the 
consequences thereof, difficulties in obtaining or discharging the requirements of any requisite permits, 
consents, licenses or planning permissions, delays in completion of projects, rapid changes in growth of 
passenger numbers or aircraft movements, reconfiguration plans, political opposition towards opening 
Lelystad Airport, technological developments (for example, larger aircraft or new safety equipment) or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
acquisitions or future international alliances or participations entered into by Royal Schiphol Group (which 
are not included in Royal Schiphol Group’s budgeted capital expenditure figures) may render the original 
assumptions obsolete, may significantly increase the amount of capital expenditure required from the 
level currently envisaged and may delay or prevent the completion of a project or the commencement of its 
commercial operation.  
Completion risks and unexpected risks (such as safety issues, delays in construction or difficulty 
in obtaining requisite permits, consents, licenses or environmental or planning permissions) can affect the 
airports' capacity levels, cause budget overruns and may lead to an unprofitable investment. Such risks may 
have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition. 
The commencement of commercial operation of a newly constructed facility may also give rise to 
start-up problems, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, or lack of readiness of 
airline operators, closure of facilities and disruptions of operations. Royal Schiphol Group's construction 
contracts may contain restricted remedies or limitations on liability such that any such sums claimed or 
amounts paid may be insufficient to cover the financial impact of breach of contract. The ability of 
contractors to meet their financial or other liabilities cannot be assured.  
The failure of Royal Schiphol Group to recognise, plan for and manage the extent of the impact of 
construction projects could result in projects overrunning budgets, operational disruptions, unsatisfactory 
facilities at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol (or any other airport operated by it), safety and security 
performance deficiencies, and higher-than-expected operating costs. In addition, construction projects could 
affect customer experience. Any of these could affect such airport's day-to-day operations and impact Royal 
Schiphol Group's reputation and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group's 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group's insurance coverage might not be adequate or available in all circumstances 
Royal Schiphol Group seeks to insure all reasonable risks, including the risk arising from 
business interruption. There can be no assurance, however, that its insurance policies provide adequate and 
sufficient cover for all events and incidents affecting Royal Schiphol Group. An event or incident could 
therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. In addition, the insurance policies of Royal Schiphol Group do not 
protect Royal Schiphol Group against reputational harm that may arise as a result of an event or an incident. 
The market for airport insurance is limited, as a result of which Royal Schiphol Group may have 
difficulties obtaining insurance coverage in the future. Also, any extension or replacement of existing 
insurance policies may be for reduced coverage only, at less favourable terms, or against higher premiums. 
These circumstances, including any failure to obtain insurance or to collect under relevant insurance 
policies, could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition.
Royal Schiphol Group’s strategy of international activities may not be successful 
Royal Schiphol Group has made airport-related investments in Australia, France, Hong Kong, 
Italy and the United States. The main international activities of Royal Schiphol Group are focused on 
strengthening Royal Schiphol Group as an airport operator and its financial position. 
Royal Schiphol Group is currently involved in a partnership with Groupe ADP, and it has 
participations in Brisbane Airport Corporation Holdings and Hobart International Airport and in the 
terminal management activities at JFK Airport in New York. Furthermore, RSG provides consultancy 
services to Aruba International Airport and Princess Juliana International Airport on Saint Martin. 
There can be no assurance that Royal Schiphol Group will be able to implement its strategy for 
international activities as such implementation depends, to a certain extent, on the cooperation of third 
parties. International activities may expose Royal Schiphol Group to a number of risks, including legal, 
political, accounting, financial, and economic risks in countries in which it might invest, and potential 
disruption to its ongoing operations if its management is required to expend significant time and effort

--- Page 12 ---
12 
in supporting its international interests. International activities could therefore have a material adverse 
effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Key management and failure to attract, develop and retain talented staff with the required capabilities  
Royal Schiphol Group relies on the skills and experience of certain key personnel (including the 
members of RSG’s Management Board) working at Royal Schiphol Group and / or its participations. The 
loss of services of any of these key individuals, even though relevant information and experience is shared 
with a larger group of individuals on a regular basis, and other personnel, also in circumstances where 
Royal Schiphol Group or its participations would not be successful in attracting, developing and retaining 
diverse and talented people and key personnel with the required capabilities, could have a material adverse 
effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
B. Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to competition risks 
Increased competition between airport operators 
Competition among airports is increasing. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol faces competition for 
origin/destination passengers from other airports in its catchment area, and for transfer passengers and 
cargo from a number of European airports, as well as from the emergence of niche and (fast growing) 
newly developed mega hub airports in other countries and regions such as Turkey and the Middle East. 
Furthermore, new concepts such as self-connect or self-hubbing (whereby travellers buy separate tickets 
from different airlines to build their own connection instead of having it arranged by airline(s)) supported 
by activities of increasingly influential low-cost carriers put pressure on the business model of the hub 
operations of major carriers. In the case of short-haul travel, it also faces competition from other modes of 
transport. 
Retail operators at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol face competition from online retailers, requiring 
them to adapt to sometimes rapidly changing purchasing behaviour displayed by consumers to prevent 
retail business opportunities from being missed. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s parking activities also face 
increased competition from local car parking offerings in the vicinity of the airport. 
In the competitive environment in which Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operates, there can be no 
assurance that it will be able to maintain or increase its competitive position. In particular, if Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol is perceived as less competitive by passengers, or is perceived by (other) airlines as a non-
competitive airport, this could have a negative effect on the development of the number and type of 
passengers and aircrafts using the airport, the amounts passengers spend at and around the airport and Royal 
Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
C. Governance risks  
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to governance risks, as RSG is controlled mainly by public entities 
The current shareholders of RSG are the State, the City of Amsterdam, the City of 
Rotterdam and Groupe ADP. These entities have certain controls over RSG including the ability to pass 
or to prevent the passing of matters submitted for resolutions by the shareholders, which in turn includes 
the adoption of annual financial statements, and the declaration of dividends, capital increases and other 
transactions. The foregoing would not change if the shareholders were to sell a minority interest in RSG. In 
addition, the State continues to hold a minority interest in the share capital of KLM and acquired a minority 
interest in the share capital of the Air France – KLM holding company. There is therefore a potential 
conflict of interest between the State’s interests in Air France – KLM and KLM and RSG. Also, the 
State, through its role as shareholder, policymaker and legislator, has considerable influence on RSG’s 
operations, which, depending on the circumstances (such as the level of public and political support for the 
aviation industry), may positively or negatively influence RSG’s business, results of operation, prospects 
and financial condition. 
D. Regulatory, legal and reputational risks  
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to environmental regulations which are subject to change, which may

--- Page 13 ---
13 
impact Royal Schiphol Group's business  
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and other Royal Schiphol Group airports are 
restricted by environmental noise limits and rules.  Currently there is a cap on the maximum number of air 
transport movements permitted at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol of 500,000 per year until 2020, which 
includes a maximum of 32,000 night movements. Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to comply with 
applicable noise limits and rules is affected by traffic demand and other factors, such as weather and 
climate conditions, aircraft types and actions by air traffic control authorities that are beyond Royal 
Schiphol Group’s control. In the event of a breach of certain noise limits, the Minister of Infrastructure and 
Water Management has discretionary authority to impose sanctions, and the power to limit the use of, or 
close, one or more runways or the airport itself. 
Environmental noise limits at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol restrict the ability of Royal Schiphol 
Group to maintain or increase passenger and cargo traffic growth rates. Royal Schiphol Group is currently 
party to an agreement under which air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol are capped at 
500,000 a year until 2020 (the “2020 Agreement”). From 2017 to 2019 air transport movements were very 
close to the limit of 500,000 air transport movements per year and therefore growth was restricted. 
However, as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 crisis, air transport movements in 2020 dropped to 
227,304 and are not expected to return to 2019 levels before 2023 at the earliest. In November 2020, the 
Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management presented the Civil Aviation Policy Memorandum 2020-
2050 (Luchtvaartnota) which sets out the vision for the development of the Dutch aviation sector over the 
coming decades and includes provisions for growth at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol subject to reductions in 
noise disturbance and emissions. Further details of these plans and their current stage of development are 
summarised in the section "Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – Air 
transport movements cap at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol". 
The limits on aviation growth in the Netherlands lead to a greater probability of airlines not being 
allocated requested slots, potentially impacting connectivity (as airlines may take - and already are taking - 
action by using larger aircraft or switching operations to a different airport) and will hamper the further 
development of the network of destinations, as new routes can only be developed if existing frequencies are 
reduced or abandoned. Another result of these limits are airlines rationalising their available slots in favour 
of (more profitable) passenger flights at the cost of cargo flights, resulting in a downward pressure on cargo 
volumes at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport.  
Lelystad Airport has been redeveloped on the basis that part of origin / destination traffic, 
currently handled by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, could be taken over by Lelystad Airport, creating room 
for additional transfer traffic at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The opening of Lelystad Airport has been 
postponed due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, environmental concerns relating to noise 
disturbance and recently the drop in air traffic at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol due to the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The new launch date is contingent on approval being provided in the form of the 
amended Airport Decree and approval of the air traffic distribution rules (see “Description of Schiphol 
Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – Lelystad Airport opening delayed”).  
The above factors could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, 
results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol generate waste, effluent and emissions into the 
atmosphere. In addition to noise limits, Royal Schiphol Group and the airlines using the Royal Schiphol 
Group airports are subject to a range of environmental legislation and regulations relating to human health, 
safety and the protection of the environment, including regulations on air quality, malodour from airport 
operations and public health and safety. 
At the end of 2019, the Council of State ruled on the Integrated Approach to Nitrogen. At the 
request of the government, and in light of the principle agreements made on the future development of 
Schiphol and Lelystad Airport, the Committee gave priority to the investigation of the effects of aviation on 
nitrogen oxide (NOx). In its advice of January 2020, the Committee stated that, at 1.1%, aviation's 
contribution to NOx levels in the Netherlands is relatively modest. Nevertheless, Schiphol is required to 
decrease its contribution across three areas: 1) nitrogen emissions relating to transport to and from the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
airport, 2) emissions relating to airport activities on the ground, and 3) emissions attributable to the aircraft 
landing and take-off cycle.  
In September 2019 the Ministry received various enforcement requests from nature protection 
organisations with respect to various airports lacking permits under the Nature Protection Act. On 2 April 
2020 the Ministry ruled that it rejects these enforcement requests, based on Schiphol’s extensive historic 
rights and the assessment by the Ministry that such enforcement would be disproportionate. The Ministry 
further ruled the various airports in the Netherlands (including those operated by Royal Schiphol Group), 
will need to apply for a permit under the Nature Protection Act. In November 2020, applications were 
submitted for nature conservation permits (natuurvergunning) under the Nature Conservation Act (Wet 
natuurbescherming) for both Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport. If granted, the permits will 
confirm that nitrogen emissions and their resulting deposits are within the legal limits. 
Environmental claims, the failure to obtain environmental permits (or withdrawal of such permits) 
or the failure to comply with present or future legislation or regulations could subject Royal Schiphol 
Group to liabilities in the future, including the assessment of damages, liability to pay penalties, costs 
associated with the clean-up of hazardous substances, and orders to cease or modify certain construction 
projects or operations. In addition, in the case of breaches of regulations relating to third party risk, 
malodour and air quality, possible sanctions include temporary closure of runways or the whole airport. 
These liabilities and sanctions could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group's business, 
results of operations, prospectus and financial condition. 
Furthermore, these regulations, in particular those relating to noise, limit Royal Schiphol Group’s 
flexibility in operating its business. Royal Schiphol Group’s freedom to operate its business is therefore 
subject to a number of factors beyond its control, and dependent on the level of societal and political 
support towards the aviation industry. Changes in, or adverse applications of, such regulations or lack of 
support could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to regulation of airport charges at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which 
are subject to change, which may impact Royal Schiphol Group's business and results
The activities of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol are subject to charges and/or contributions pursuant 
to regulation on the basis of the Aviation Act (Wet luchtvaart). The regulations include a “hybrid dual till” 
model in which “aviation” activities, which are regulated, are separated from “non-aviation” activities, 
which are not regulated. Under the Aviation Act, the return on “aviation” activities is capped on the basis of 
an allocation system that takes into account assets, costs and revenues of the airport to the extent they are 
related to “aviation” activities, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s weighted average cost of capital 
(“WACC”) for “aviation” activities, the parameters for which have been set in the regulatory framework. 
Security charges are dealt with as a separate box within the “aviation” activities.  
Pursuant to an amendment to the Aviation Act, a regulatory framework came into force on 1 July 
2017. This framework impacts the calculation of the airport charges at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from 
2019 onwards.  
Charges are set for 3 years, the first 3 year period from April 2019 to April 2022 includes a 
mandatory non-aviation contribution which is set by the shareholders of Royal Schiphol Group. The 
underlying principle for the mandatory non-aviation contribution is that Royal Schiphol Group should be 
able to achieve a benchmark return over the three-year period, should remain capable of independently 
funding its own operations at acceptable credit conditions and must retain at least a single A credit rating. In 
determining the mandatory contribution, aspects such as Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s competitive 
position and current market conditions are taken into account by the shareholders. Another amendment 
introduced by the Aviation Act is an efficiency incentive for major investment projects. In the event of 
budget overruns during the implementation of a major investment project, additional costs incurred during 
the rate period concerned will be borne by Royal Schiphol Group; if the costs of implementation prove to 
be lower, the resulting cost advantage will be equally distributed between the airlines and Royal Schiphol 
Group. The current allocation system that describes the allocation of assets was approved by the ‘Autoriteit 
Consument en Markt’ – the Dutch Authority for Consumers and Markets (“ACM”). The Aviation Act also

--- Page 15 ---
15 
contains a settlement mechanism whereby surpluses or shortfalls in revenues as a result of actual deviations 
from the forecast traffic numbers can be settled over the subsequent 3 year period. In 2022, when charges 
are set for the next 3 year period, airport charges could increase, for example as a means to counteract 
significantly lower revenue than forecast due to the COVID-19 crisis, leading to a less attractive 
competitive position of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. This may in turn have a negative impact on the 
results of operations of the Royal Schiphol Group. 
For a further description of the allocation system and the amendments see “Description of 
Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – Evaluation of the Aviation Act and airport 
charges”. 
There can be no assurance that the WACC under the regulatory framework properly reflects the 
actual funding costs of Royal Schiphol Group, especially given the fact that the WACC under the 
regulatory framework is set for a three year period based upon the moving average of the preceding 2 or 5 
years, whichever is lower.  If the actual funding costs are higher this will have a negative impact on the 
results of operations of the Royal Schiphol Group. Furthermore, the risk cannot be excluded that the current 
or future price regulation systems applicable to Royal Schiphol Group will be amended in a manner 
unfavourable to Royal Schiphol Group, which may have a negative impact on the results of operations of 
the Royal Schiphol Group. 
If Royal Schiphol Group fails to comply with security regulation this could lead to (legal) liabilities  
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and other Royal Schiphol Group airports are subject to 
security regulation. Airport security is aimed at preventing malicious acts intended to harm passengers, 
employees, visitors and the airport itself. New or adjusted security regulations may restrict the ability of 
Royal Schiphol Group to maintain or increase traffic growth rates and its business results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. Failure to carry out its security activities in accordance with the 
applicable rules and regulations could lead to incidents or accidents causing harm to passengers, 
employees, visitors or airport property, which could result in legal liability for Royal Schiphol Group, 
the assessment of damages and liability to pay penalties. Any such liabilities could have a material 
adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Risk that RSG’s operating permit for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will be revoked 
Under the Aviation Act, RSG has been designated as the operator of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
for an indefinite period of time. This licence may be revoked by the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water 
Management in a limited number of circumstances: (i) mismanagement such that the continuity of 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol would be endangered, (ii) national planning policy no longer envisaging an 
airport at the present location of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and (iii) a request for revocation of the permit 
by RSG itself (provided such request is not against the public interest). The revocation of the operating 
permit for any such reason would mean that RSG would not be able to conduct its aviation business. 
Although RSG would be entitled to compensation for certain damages if the State of the Netherlands (the 
“State”) were to revoke the permit because of a change in national planning policy, RSG would not be 
entitled to any damages in the event that its permit to operate Amsterdam Airport Schiphol were revoked on 
the ground of mismanagement. Accordingly, the revocation of the permit to operate Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol would have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. 
Regulation of airport charges Eindhoven Airport could lead to lower charges 
In 2017, Eindhoven Airport reached the 5 million passenger threshold and is therefore subject to 
the regulatory airport charges directive. It concerns a so-called light-handed regulatory model, which is a 
less strict model than the regulation for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Charges were set on an annual basis, 
for the first time per April 1st 2019. Discussions on these charges have taken place in a formal consultation 
process with the airlines. Eindhoven Airport ultimately sets the charges, whereby airlines have the right to 
appeal to this charge setting via the ACM. If the ACM decides that any appeal from an airline or group of 
airlines is justified this could result in lower charge setting which would negatively impact the revenue and 
profitability potential of Eindhoven Airport.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Real estate development regulations may limit Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to develop planned and 
future commercial real estate projects 
Real estate development is subject to regulations on national town and country planning. It is 
possible that existing or new national town and country planning policies will limit Royal Schiphol Group’s 
ability to develop planned and future commercial real estate projects at or around Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol or other Royal Schiphol Group airports by, for example, limiting the type, use, location and height 
of buildings. These restrictions may accordingly have a material adverse impact on the revenues and 
result of operations generated in Royal Schiphol Group’s Schiphol Commercial business area. 
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to litigation and could face legal proceedings, fines and investigations 
Royal Schiphol Group must act in accordance with competition or privacy laws. Given the strong 
presence of Air France – KLM at Schiphol Amsterdam Airport, there is a high degree of mutual 
dependency between Royal Schiphol Group and Air France – KLM (see the risk factor "The Royal Schiphol 
Group is dependent on Air France – KLM"), which results in direct contacts on certain policy matters to 
comply with competition laws. Competition and data privacy authorities exercise considerable discretion in 
setting the levels of fines for non-compliance with competition and privacy laws and regulations. Given the 
position of Royal Schiphol Group in certain markets, any failure to comply with applicable competition or 
privacy laws and regulations may result in Royal Schiphol Group incurring substantial fines and settlement 
costs. 
From time to time, Royal Schiphol Group is involved in legal proceedings or investigations. It is 
impossible to predict the outcome of the proceedings or investigations. Any adverse judgments or 
settlements in any litigation, investigation or other proceedings to which the Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business is, or may in the future be, subject could have a material adverse effect on the Royal Schiphol 
Group's reputation, business and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could face reputational and image damage 
Negative perception or negative and/or inaccurate publicity may undermine public acceptance 
of, and stakeholder support for, the airport activities. Insufficient appeal and a negative perception of the 
price/quality ratio of the goods and services on offer at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol may also affect Royal 
Schiphol Group’s image. Damage to Royal Schiphol Group’s reputation can furthermore be inflicted by 
issues related to compliance with and/or the implementation of legal and regulatory requirements, such as 
in relation to competition and anti-trust, data protection and information security, anti-money laundering 
and anti-bribery, sustainability matters, ethical matters, or any failure to adequately address such issues and 
possible related publicity. Each could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, 
results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could fail to meet its sustainability targets 
The aviation industry in the Netherlands is under increasing public scrutiny for its effects on the 
environment and climate change. As the operator of the largest airports in the Netherlands, much of the 
focus of this public scrutiny is directed at Royal Schiphol Group and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in 
particular. Royal Schiphol Group has made sustainable development a key aspect of its strategy and 
developed a Sustainability Roadmap. Furthermore, reducing noise disturbance and emissions have been put 
forward in the government’s Civil Aviation Policy Memorandum 2020-2050 as conditions of further 
growth at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Failure of Royal Schiphol Group to meet its sustainability and 
environmental targets could severely undermine public sentiment and political support which could have a 
material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition. 
E. Risks relating to Royal Schiphol Group’s financial situation  
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to (re-)financing risk  
Royal Schiphol Group faces substantial financing needs in the coming years to fund its capital

--- Page 17 ---
17 
investment programmes as well as re-financing existing debt as it becomes due. As per 31 December 2020, 
Royal Schiphol Group needs to refinance approximately EUR 799 million of debt up to and including 2024. 
The envisaged capital expenditures and (re-)financing needs of Royal Schiphol Group will require that it 
seeks external financing, either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may 
not be available at acceptable terms or may not be available at all. 
Volatility and temporary closing of capital markets and lack of, or limited access to, (public or 
private) finance may hinder Royal Schiphol Group in securing timely financing of major capital investment 
programmes and/or refinancing existing debt on attractive terms. A further deterioration of Royal Schiphol 
Group’s financial position for example as a result of the continued negative effects of the COVID-19 crisis 
could also affect Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to secure sufficient financing on attractive terms. 
Any such lack of, or limitations to, the access of Royal Schiphol Group to the capital markets or 
(public or private) finance could limit Royal Schiphol Group’s liquidity, its financial flexibility, its ability 
to fulfil its obligations with respect to payments of interest and principal and/or its cash flows and affect its 
ability to execute its strategic plans, which could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Risk that credit rating can be lowered or withdrawn 
There is no assurance that a credit rating will remain in place for any given period of time or that a 
credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, 
circumstances in the future so warrant.  RSG could for instance be confronted with a ratings downgrade if 
its operating cash flow would significantly decrease. A decision by a rating agency to downgrade or 
withdraw RSG’s credit rating could for instance limit Royal Schiphol Group’s access to the capital markets 
and thereby significantly limit its funding options. Furthermore, a downgrade would most likely result in an 
increase of Royal Schiphol Group's borrowing costs and adversely affect its results. Such ratings 
downgrade may also negatively affect the value of the Notes. 
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
Royal Schiphol Group’s policy is to have between 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. of its 
consolidated debt portfolio financed on a fixed-rate basis or hedged through the use of interest rate swaps. 
Where any interest could become payable under Royal Schiphol Group’s financing arrangements based on 
a floating interest rate, a rise in interest rates may cause Royal Schiphol Group to pay more interest than it 
had anticipated, adversely impacting the profitability and liquidity position of the Royal Schiphol Group’s, 
which could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, net result, prospects and 
financial condition. 
Risks related to hedging arrangements 
In accordance with its internal financial policy, Royal Schiphol Group only uses derivative 
financial instruments (including an existing long-term EUR/JPY cross-currency swap subject to credit 
support arrangements) to hedge interest rate risk, hedge gas contracts and to hedge currency exposure and 
therefore to actively reduce financial risks. Nevertheless, the use of derivative financial instruments 
could lead to a liquidity risk for Royal Schiphol Group. A derivative financial instrument used by Royal 
Schiphol Group could exhibit a negative market value during its lifetime and in these circumstances, Royal 
Schiphol Group could be obliged to post cash collateral which will negatively affect its liquidity position. 
Also, Royal Schiphol Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early 
termination of the hedging arrangements by, its hedging counterparties. If such hedging arrangements are 
(early) terminated or hedge counterparties do not comply with their payment or delivery obligations, this 
may result in Royal Schiphol Group being fully exposed to such interest rate, gas prices and currency 
exposure. 
Royal Schiphol Group could be subject to increases in pension contributions in the future 
Royal Schiphol Group’s pension plan is administered by the Algemeen Burgerlijk Pensioenfonds 
(“ABP”), the pension fund for employers and employees in service of the Dutch government and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
educational services in the Netherlands. The pension plan is regarded as a group scheme involving more 
than one employer that qualifies as a defined-contribution plan because: 

the members bear the actuarial and investment risks practically in full; 

the affiliated employers have no supplementary obligation to make additional 
contributions in the event of a deficit at the ABP, nor are they entitled to any 
surpluses in addition to paying the premium set by the ABP; and 

each year the premium is set by the ABP board on the basis of its own file date, with 
due regard for the prescribed parameters and requirements. 
Accordingly, in measuring the obligations arising from the pension plan, Royal Schiphol 
Group merely recognises the pension contributions payable as an expense in its consolidated income 
statement. In addition to Royal Schiphol Group’s pension plans mentioned above, one of RSG’s 
Subsidiaries applies a non-material defined-benefit plan, with actuarial results and re-measurements being 
recognized directly through other comprehensive income. 
The ABP pension regulations do not contain provisions on additional contributions to the fund 
and/or withdrawals from it in respect of Royal Schiphol Group’s share in surpluses or deficits of the 
pension fund. Consequently, any surpluses and deficits will depend on the actual and expected financial 
position of the pension fund as reflected in the funding ratio and could result in changes to the level of 
contributions payable by Royal Schiphol Group in the future. Such contributions could have a material 
adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of LIBOR and/or EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may 
affect the value or payment of interest under the Notes 
On 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its 
powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR 
after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided 
or no longer be representative immediately after 31 December 2021 (save for U.S. dollar LIBOR in relation 
to overnight, one, three, six and 12 months rates, which are expected to cease to be published after 30 June 
2023). 
Additionally, in March 2017, the EMMI published a position paper referring to certain proposed 
reforms to EURIBOR, which reforms aim to clarify the EURIBOR specification, to develop a transaction-
based methodology for EURIBOR and to align the relevant methodology with the Benchmark Regulation, 
the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other regulatory recommendations. The EMMI has 
since indicated that there has been a “change in market activity as a result of the current regulatory 
requirements and a negative interest rate environment” and “under the current market conditions it will not 
be feasible to evolve the current EURIBOR methodology to a fully transaction-based methodology 
following a seamless transition path”. It is the current intention of the EMMI to develop a hybrid 
methodology for EURIBOR and on 19 February 2019, following the publication of its second consultation 
paper on a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR, EMMI released the time series of the “Hybrid Euribor 
Testing Phase”. 
Furthermore, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from 
January 2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a 
broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across 
sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate

--- Page 19 ---
19 
benchmark by the end of 2021. 
Separate workstreams are underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology 
and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as 
adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-
free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk free rate. €STR is now published 
by the ECB since October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear 
entirely, to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create 
disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain benchmarks or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Notes.  
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark was discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on any Notes which reference LIBOR or such other benchmark 
(such as Floating Rate Notes) will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes (as further described in Condition 4(c)). Depending on the manner in which 
LIBOR or EURIBOR (or such other benchmark) is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for the relevant rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time or may provide a different result than if LIBOR or EURIBOR (or such other benchmark) 
had continued or continued to be administered in its previous form; or (ii) result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR or EURIBOR was 
available. In circumstances where LIBOR or EURIBOR continues to be available but is administered 
differently or performs differently, this could result in adverse consequences for Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes), including a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant benchmark could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes (including Floating Rate Notes) or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Investors should note that the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, will have discretion to adjust the reference rate in the 
circumstances provided under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. Investors 
should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Notes. An application of fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR 
or LIBOR could result in the market value of the Notes being adversely affected as the risk profile of the 
Notes would have changed from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer 
may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant 
Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes and may 
be exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to general changes in interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets 
The Issuers may issue Notes under the Programme where the net proceeds is specified in the Final 
Terms to be used specifically for Eligible Projects (as defined in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” 
below) in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall be set out in item 3(i) of Part B 
(Reasons for the offer) of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such specified use of proceeds 
are referred to as “Green Bonds”). The relevant Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds from any issue of 
Green Bonds Notes to finance Eligible Projects, in line with any sustainability framework(s) that Schiphol 
may publish from time to time, and/or which the relevant Issuer expects will adhere to the Green Bond 
Principles as published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) from time to time (the 
“Principles”).
While the Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” (including, without limitation, the attributes defining a “green building”), and therefore no 
assurance can be given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that the 
use of proceeds by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the 
relevant Issuer has identified as Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which

--- Page 21 ---
21 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or 
uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
No formal or consensus definition of a ‘sustainable’ (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “green bond” or 
market consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a 
definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 
2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject 
to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated 
regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, the Guarantors, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria 
determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy at any time. Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects will satisfy the requisite criteria of 
any legislation in any other jurisdiction (including the United Kingdom) relating to ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities (which may or may not) align with 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. 
No assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger or the Dealers that an 
investment in Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be a "sustainable investment" for the purposes 
of the Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on 
sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector (Regulation 2019/2088) ("SFDR") or the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or eligible or suitable for inclusion in portfolios supporting 
investment products that promote environmental or social characteristics or have a sustainable investment 
as their objective, in either case for the purposes of the SFDR. On 10 March 2021, the majority of Level 1 
requirements under the SFDR began to come into effect and, on 4 February 2021, the European 
Supervisory Authorities published their final report on the draft level 2 regulatory technical standards for 
the SFDR which was amended on the 15 March 2021 for the taxonomy-related sustainability disclosures 
("Draft RTS"). If approved by the European Commission, it is expected that the Draft RTS will come into 
force on 1 January 2022. 
No assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to 
apply any proceeds of Green Bonds to such Eligible Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to investors in Green Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
No obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Eligible Projects or monitor the use of 
proceeds of Green Bonds 
Furthermore, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any 
eligibility criteria relating to Green Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the Eligible Projects will satisfy

--- Page 22 ---
22 
the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds in connection with the issue of any 
Green Bonds or (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the relevant Issuer to particular Eligible Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, 
the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
certification or report of any third party, (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and/or any sustainability framework 
established by Schiphol, and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification will 
not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Prospectus. Any such opinion 
or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as 
of the date on which that opinion is initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Green Bonds. As at the date of the 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or segment thereof, no representation or assurance 
is given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or 
admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria. Any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market or segment thereof as aforesaid, will not (i) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or 
any Dealer), (ii) constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term 
thereof, or constitute a default by the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor for any other purpose or (iii) 
lead to a right or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the 
right to require redemption of its Notes. 
Failure by the relevant Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to finance 
and/or refinance any Eligible Projects would not be an Event of Default 
Any failure by the relevant Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to 
finance and/or refinance any Eligible Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification by a third 
party or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on will not (i) give rise 
to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or any 
Dealer), (ii) constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term 
thereof, or constitute a default by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor for any other purpose or (iii) lead to a 
right or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to 
require redemption of its Notes.  
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance the relevant Issuer’s investment in Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose 
(including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of 
such Notes not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to 
increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Bonds).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
B. Risks related to Notes generally 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit modification, 
authorisation, waivers and determination, and which permit the relevant Issuer to agree to 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant 
Issuer, in each case without the consent of all investors (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent may, without the consent 
of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard of the interest of the Noteholders, agree to substitution of 
another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer in the circumstances 
described in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any such modification, authorisation, waiver, determination or substitution may be contrary to the 
interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or 
investment objectives to a Noteholder. 
Withholding taxes 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in certain limited circumstances where the relevant 
Issuer and relevant Guarantor is not obliged to make gross up payments and this would result in holders 
receiving less interest than expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Reference is made to the Dutch taxation paragraph. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes 
at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
The recognition of Notes in New Global Note form as eligible collateral for the monetary policy 
of the Eurosystem will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant 
time 
The new global note (“NGN”) form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt

--- Page 24 ---
24 
instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”) and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the 
Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria, as updated from time to time and generally published on 
the website of the European Central Bank. If the Notes do not satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, the 
Notes will not be eligible collateral of the Eurosystem and this may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes. 
C. Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or it may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the relevant Guarantor will 
make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form of the Notes”). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or 
the relevant Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates (including credit 
spreads) subsequently increase above the interest rate paid on Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate 
may be more attractive to investors. 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation
particularly in the context of the current low interest rate environment and expectations that inflation 
may rise in the future as a consequence of quantitative easing and expansionary monetary policy
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as

--- Page 25 ---
25 
the real rate of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced if inflation rates increase (which is 
increasingly more likely given the magnitude of quantitative easing and expansionary monetary policy of 
various major central banks) and may even  be negative if the inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of 
interest on the Notes (which is also more likely given historically low interest rates). In this scenario, the 
value of the Notes will be adversely affected as comparative investments which provide a real rate of 
interest in excess of the real rate of interest earned on the Notes will be more attractive.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by UK-
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation; subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied. If the status of rating agency 
rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EU or the UK, as 
applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the 
Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front 
cover of this Prospectus and, in respect of any issue of Notes, will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. As 
used herein, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and to the best of their knowledge of each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland the information contained in 
this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such
information. 
None of RSG, Schiphol Nederland or the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability of the Green 
Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible 
Projects (as defined below) meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
Consequently no key information document required by the Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail

--- Page 27 ---
27 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(A) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”);  
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the 
“SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the “SF (CMP) Regulations”)) that the Notes 
are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations). 
Canadian Notice to Investors – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued 
or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 
33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of each of the Issuers and from the
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, in the case of Notes listed on a
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, on RSG’s  website. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on
the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement
contained in any document incorporated by reference shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the
purpose of this Prospectus by a statement modifying or superseding such statement made by way of a supplement to 
the Prospectus prepared pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
None of the Dealers, the Agent (as defined below), the Paying Agents and ABN AMRO Bank N.V. in its 
capacity as listing agent (the “Listing Agent”) has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or

--- Page 28 ---
28 
liability is accepted by the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the Listing Agent as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other information 
provided by RSG and/or Schiphol Nederland in connection with the Programme. ABN AMRO Bank (in its capacity 
as Listing Agent) is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer and is not itself seeking admission of 
these Notes to Euronext Amsterdam or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
No person is or has been authorised by RSG, Schiphol Nederland, the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying 
Agents or the Listing Agent to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not
consistent with this Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by RSG, Schiphol Nederland, any of the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Listing Agent. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by RSG, Schiphol Nederland or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantor and should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Prospectus, and its purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of RSG, Schiphol Nederland or any of the Dealers to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning RSG and/or Schiphol Nederland is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended 
and/or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of RSG and/or Schiphol Nederland since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended and/or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of RSG or Schiphol Nederland during the life 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the financial statements incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not 
to purchase any Notes (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons
(see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.
None of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and the Dealers represents that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by RSG, Schiphol Nederland or the 
Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the Netherlands, the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of France (see

--- Page 29 ---
29 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
All references in this document to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of 
Columbia (the “U.S.” and the “United States”), to “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, to “Sterling” and “£” 
are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to 
“Australian dollars” are to the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia and to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” 
are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union as defined 
in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on websites to which this Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms
may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of the Series of
which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
Stabilisation transactions conducted on Euronext Amsterdam must be conducted by a Member of Euronext 
Amsterdam on behalf of the initial purchasers. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or the London Interbank 
Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended (the “EU BMR”) but not the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “UK 
Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”). The administrator of LIBOR, ICE, is included in the 
UK Benchmarks Register, but not the ESMA Benchmarks Register. As far as the relevant Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU BMR apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As far as the 
relevant Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK BMR apply, such that EMMI is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).  
The registration status of any administrator under the EU BMR and/or UK BMR is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, no Issuer intends to update the Prospectus or any applicable 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information on the pages specified below of the following documents which have previously 
been published and have been filed with the Competent Authority is incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus and, as such, forms part of this Prospectus: 
(a)
RSG Annual Report 2020 (English version), pages 121 to 209 (inclusive) containing the 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of RSG 
(including the notes thereto and the auditor’s report thereon on pages 202 to 209 
(inclusive)) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
https://www.annualreportschiphol.com/xmlpages/resources/TXP/Schiphol_web_2020/pdf
/Schiphol_Annual_Report_2020.pdf; 
(b)
RSG Annual Report 2019 (English version), pages 161 to 250 (inclusive) containing the 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of RSG 
(including the notes thereto and the auditor’s report thereon on pages 245 to 250 
(inclusive)) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
https://www.annualreportschiphol.com/xmlpages/resources/TXP/Schiphol_web_2019/pdf
/Schiphol_Annual_Report_2019.pdf; and 
(c)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes from the Prospectus dated 11 May 2020 on pages 
46-78 
(inclusive) 
https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/download/b2b/1589268213/6tWzARqrcEhUEmB9ozSarq.PD
F.  
Those parts of the Annual Reports referred to above which are not incorporated by reference are, 
to the extent that such information is relevant for the investors, covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers 
and approved by the Competent Authority in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
in any such supplement) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The Annual Reports of RSG referred to in (a) and (b) above, from which the above information 
is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, are available for viewing on RSG’s website, 
www.schiphol.nl, or (in the case of the latest report) directly on www.annualreportschiphol.com. The 
Prospectus referred to in (c) above is available for viewing on https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/schiphol-
group/pagina/emtn-programma/. 
RSG and Schiphol Nederland will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new individual (drawdown 
or base) Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers:
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Issuers Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
724500XSMG4AYQ8NDK4 
2 (Royal Schiphol Group 
N.V.) 
724500DX7Q1A19SPY530 
(Schiphol Nederland B.V.) 
Guarantor of Notes issued by 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V.:
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Guarantor of Notes issued by Schiphol 
Nederland B.V.:
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger:
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued 
in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale” below) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described under “General Description of the 
Programme” above) outstanding at any time. RSG and 
Schiphol Nederland may increase the amount of 
the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Programme or 
any Notes already issued. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant
Dealer. 
Maturities:
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price:
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of
the Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the
relevant Dealer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended

--- Page 33 ---
33 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(ii)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a
Minimum Rate of Interest or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period,
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference
Rate, then the relevant Issuer may (subject to the Conditions and
following consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine a
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either
case, an Adjustment Spread if any and any Benchmark
Amendments. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer
and/or the Noteholders upon giving the required notice to the
Noteholders or, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer on a date or
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes issued on terms that they must be redeemed before their
first anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their
denomination and distribution. See “Certain Restrictions – Notes
having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Redemption pursuant to Issuer 
Residual Call: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option
of the relevant Issuer pursuant to an Issuer Residual Call. See
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and Purchase –
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Residual
Call)” below. 
Redemption or purchase upon Change 
of Control: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant
Notes may be redeemed or purchased prior to their stated maturity
at the option of the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a Change
of Control. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption

--- Page 34 ---
34 
and Purchase – Redemption or Purchase upon Change of
Control” below. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the
relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading (i) on a
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will
be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency)
or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated
market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the UK
Prospectus Regulation) have access within the UK or offered to
the public in the UK in circumstances which require the
publication of a prospectus under the UK Prospectus Regulation
pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA will be at
least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without
deduction of withholding taxes imposed within the Netherlands,
subject as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such
deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be,
the relevant Guarantor, will, save in certain limited circumstances
provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional amounts to
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as
further described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as
further described in Condition 9(a)(iii). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated
and, subject to the provisions of Condition 3, unsecured
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu without
any preference among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and to
such exceptions as exist by mandatory law) equally with all other
present and future unsecured obligations (other than subordinated
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer from time to time
outstanding. 
Guarantees: 
The Notes issued by RSG will be unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed by Schiphol Nederland. The Notes issued
by Schiphol Nederland will be unconditionally and irrevocably
guaranteed by RSG. The obligations of each Guarantor under the
relevant guarantee will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant
Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be
preferred by law) will rank pari passu and equally with all other

--- Page 35 ---
35 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any)
of the relevant Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes
issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months
from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to trading and
listed on Euronext Amsterdam. In addition,  
Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may
be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer,
provided that, in the case of a listing on a regulated market, a
prospectus supplement or individual (drawdown or base)
prospectus is published. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on
which stock exchange(s) and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in
the Netherlands, the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom,
Japan and the Republic of France and such other restrictions as
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a
particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not
applicable, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a permanent Global Note (a “Permanent Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche of 
Notes to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche of Notes to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary)” for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche of Notes are in NGN form, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche of Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) 
for definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written 
notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available or 
(iii) the relevant Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change 
in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of the Netherlands which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to be in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
THE UNITED STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not 
be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common 
code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer and the Agent. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal and/or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO 
AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL 
INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL 
INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:  
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU 
(AS AMENDED, “MIFID II”); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE 2016/97/EU (AS AMENDED OR 
SUPERSEDED, (THE “INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE”), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER 
WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF 
ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”), AS AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) 
NO 1286/2014 (THE “PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA WILL BE 
PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING 
THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE 
PRIIPS REGULATION.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS:
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
NO 2017/565, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF 
THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (“EUWA”); OR 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FSMA  AND 
ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT 
DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, AS AMENDED, WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT 
QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 
2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) 
NO 1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (AS 
AMENDED, THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN 
1
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 5).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL 
UNDER THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.]1
[Date] 
[Royal Schiphol Group N.V./Schiphol Nederland B.V.]
(with corporate seat at Schiphol, Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the 
Netherlands) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Schiphol Nederland B.V.]/[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]  
under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme   
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Prospectus dated [date] (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the [Prospectus Regulation][and][UK Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Copies of the Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] are 
available for viewing [at [website]] [and] [during normal business hours, free of charge, at the 
registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Prospectus dated [date] (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the [Prospectus Regulation][and][UK 
Prospectus Regulation]. Full information on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Copies of the Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] are available for viewing [at [website]] 
[and] [during normal business hours, free of charge, at the registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents].] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
1
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 5).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR roduct governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]/[Schiphol Nederland B.V.]
             (ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Schiphol Nederland B.V.]/[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
             (ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
             (iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
             consolidated and form a single 
             Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur on or
about [date]]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
             (i) 
Series (including this Tranche): 
[] 
             (ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or
equivalent are being used the following sample wording
should be followed: 
“at least €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above
€199,000.”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
             (ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date]/[(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify the
relevant month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] +/- [] per cent.
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity
Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100
per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes may constitute
derivative securities for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex XII to the
Prospectus Regulation will apply, which would trigger
an individual (drawdown or base) prospectus.) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[]/[] and []/[], [], [] and [] in each year up to and
including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated

--- Page 43 ---
43 
using Linear Interpolation] 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
15. 
Issuer Call
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s), 
and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole Amount][In
the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [
]]/[in the period (the Par Call Period) from and including
[insert date] (the Par Call Period Commencement Date)
to but excluding [date]][and [[] per Calculation Amount]
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling
[on []/in the period from and including [date] to but
excluding [date]] 
 (Need to specify basis for discount to date of redemption
of Reference Bond Rate if other than annual) 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
(iv) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Higher Redemption 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Amount: 
(vii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
16. 
Issuer Residual Call
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Investor Put
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
18. 
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 
100 per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes may 
constitute derivative securities for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the requirements of Annex 
XII to the Prospectus Regulation will apply, which

--- Page 45 ---
45 
would trigger an individual (drawdown or base) 
prospectus.)
20. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21. 
Form of Notes: 
Form: 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time]/[only upon an
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time]/[only upon
an Exchange Event]] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice at any time option
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes
language substantially to the following effect: “€100,000
and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to
and including €199,000.” Furthermore, such Specified
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes.)
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which
sub-paragraph 13(iv) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments,
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be
made]/[No] 
24. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal name]
[appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the
register of administrators and benchmarks established
and maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the
BMR (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended][the
FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[Not

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in 
these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are 
aware and are able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:
Signed on behalf of [name of the Guarantor]:
By
................................................................
By
................................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 47 ---
47 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for example, 
Euronext 
in 
Amsterdam)] 
with 
effect 
from 
[].]/[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market (for 
example, Euronext in Amsterdam)] with effect from 
[].]/[Not Applicable.] 
(N.B. Note that where the Issuer intends to seek 
admission to trading on (an) additional regulated 
market(s) in (an) additional member state(s) of the 
EEA or the UK other than the one(s) provided for in 
the Prospectus, a supplemental prospectus will be 
required.)
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]  
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated][are 
expected to be rated]: 
[S&P:  []] 
[Moody’s: []] 
[Other: Include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this deviates from the 
explanations given in section “General Information” 
published by the rating provider.][]]  
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and has applied 
for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
3.           REASON FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
(i)
Reason for the offer and Use of 
Proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes]/[Green Bonds: To 
[finance][refinance] Eligible Projects as more 
particularly described under “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Prospectus. [Specify any other Green Bond use of 
proceeds and/or third-party compliance agency]] 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]
(iii)
Total net proceeds: 
[] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interests, that is material to the
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of
the following statement:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers]/[Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future
yield. 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D]/[TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii)       CFI Code:  
[Not Applicable/[     ]] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(iv)
  FISN Code: 
[Not Applicable/[     ]] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s)[and 
address(es)]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
(viii)  
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Royal Schiphol Group 
N.V. (“RSG”) or Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland” and, together with RSG in its capacity as 
an issuer, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), units of 
each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii)
any Global Note; and  
(iii)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Reference herein to the “relevant Issuer” and “relevant Guarantor” shall be to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor of the Notes named in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), respectively. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 13 April 2021 and made between RSG in its capacity both as an 
Issuer and a Guarantor, Schiphol Nederland in its capacity both as an Issuer and a Guarantor (together with 
RSG in its capacity as a Guarantor, the “Guarantors” and each, a “Guarantor”) of Notes issued by RSG), 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, 
which expression shall include any successor agent), the other paying agents named therein (together, 
unless the context otherwise requires, with the Agent and the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Notes, and shall in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of Coupons, and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons.  
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on 
this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”). References to the “applicable 
Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents

--- Page 51 ---
51 
save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be available 
for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound 
by, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The relevant 
Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the next succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the relevant 
Guarantor and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal and/or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
relevant Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer and the Agent. 
2.
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a)
Status of the Notes

--- Page 52 ---
52 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves, and (subject as aforesaid and to such 
exceptions as exist by mandatory law) equally with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. 
(b)
Status of the Guarantees 
The due performance of all payment and other obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes 
and Coupons, these Conditions and the Agency Agreement has been, where the relevant Issuer is 
RSG, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (as more particularly defined in the Agency 
Agreement, the “Schiphol Nederland Guarantee”) by Schiphol Nederland in its capacity as a 
guarantor under the Agency Agreement and, where the relevant Issuer is Schiphol Nederland, 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (as more particularly defined in the Agency 
Agreement, the “RSG Guarantee”) by RSG in its capacity as a guarantor under the Agency 
Agreement (as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement, the RSG Guarantee together 
with the Schiphol Nederland Guarantee, the “Guarantees” and each, a “Guarantee”). The 
obligations of each Guarantor under the relevant Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and (subject 
as aforesaid, and save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank and will rank 
pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of such 
Guarantor, present and future, but only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to 
creditors’ rights. 
3.
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in Condition 14), neither the 
relevant Issuer nor the relevant Guarantor will, and RSG will procure that none of the Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9), if any, will, hereafter create or permit to be outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest on any of its present or future undertakings or 
assets or enter into any arrangement, the practical effect of which is to grant or permit to be outstanding 
similar security, in any case in respect of any Obligation of the relevant Issuer, the relevant 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or any Obligation of any other person, in each case without at the 
same time securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security therefor or 
as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Condition 14) of the Noteholders. 
“Obligation” means any present or future indebtedness evidenced by bonds, debentures or 
other securities which, at the request or with the concurrence of the relevant issuer, are quoted or traded 
for the time being, or are capable of being quoted or traded, on any stock exchange or other recognised 
market for securities. 
4.
Interest 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount

--- Page 53 ---
53 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an interest amount in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a): 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after,

--- Page 54 ---
54 
such date); 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent. 
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls within the Specified Period after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (“TARGET2 System”) is open. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and, subject to any 
amendments resulting from any Benchmark Amendments pursuant to Condition 4(c), on 
the following basis: 
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes) (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), (i) “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
the London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or the Euro-zone inter-bank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent, or 
failing which the relevant Issuer, shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate, at approximately the Specified Time, on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at approximately the Specified Time, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 57 ---
57 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin (if any) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin (if any) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin (if 
any) relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Reference Rate cannot be determined because 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Reference Rate shall be calculated 
in accordance with Condition 4(c).  
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Agent or failing which the relevant Issuer; and 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination 
of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR). 
(iii)
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30×(Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30×(Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following

--- Page 59 ---
59 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ) 
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer and 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined 
below) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the accrued interest or the Rate of Interest so calculated 
need be made. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business 
Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(vii)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default and bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c)
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above: 
(i)
Independent Adviser
If the relevant Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the relevant 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the relevant Issuer determining 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iv)).                       
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith

--- Page 61 ---
61 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the 
relevant Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Advisor shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the relevant Issuer in connection with any determination made by the relevant 
Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4(c). 
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor, or (ii) the relevant 
Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(c)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 4(c).  
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(c)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4(c)); or 
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c) and the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(c)(v), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Paying Agents of a 
certificate signed by authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 
4(c)(v), the Paying Agents shall (at the expense and direction of the relevant Issuer), 
without any requirements for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to 
concur with the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments and the Paying 
Agents shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the 
Paying Agents shall not be obliged to concur if in the opinion of the Paying Agents doing 
so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to the Paying Agents in these Conditions and/or any documents to which they are 
a party in any way.   
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(iv), the 
relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(c) will be notified promptly 
by the relevant Issuer to the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Paying Agents of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to 
the Paying Agents a certificate signed by authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer: 
 (A)  confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and (d) the specific term of the Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(c); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c), if in the Paying Agents’ 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(c), the Paying Agents 
shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the 
relevant Issuer shall direct the Paying Agents in writing as to which alternative course of 
action to adopt. If the Paying Agents are not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the 
Paying Agents shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and 
shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 4(c)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the 
Agency Agreement will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(v). 
(vii)
Definitions
As used in this Condition 4(c): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the relevant Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as 
an option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the relevant Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the relevant Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv)
if the relevant Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the relevant Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six months; or 
(v)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant 
Issuer under Condition 4(c)(i) and notified in writing to the Agents. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the Reference Rate originally-specified in the Final 
Terms or, where such Reference Rate has been replaced by an Alternative Rate or a 
Successor Rate, such Alternative Rate or Successor Rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii)
 any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate and which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d)
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not 
bear interest. When a Zero Coupon Note becomes repayable prior to its Maturity Date it will be

--- Page 65 ---
65 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii). In 
the case of late payment the amount due and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(i). 
(e)
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that affect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 or individually. 
5.
Payments 
(a)
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b)
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any

--- Page 66 ---
66 
time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of such definitive Note. 
(c)
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made 
against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying 
Agent to which it was presented, or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
(d)
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by 
such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
for his share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i)
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on such Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor, any adverse tax consequences to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e)
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which is: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(f)
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v)
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(f)(ii)); and 
(vii)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will 
be redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 
or the relevant Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, 
the Netherlands having power to tax, or any change in the application of any official or 
generally accepted practice of any such authority therein or thereof or in the application or 
official interpretation of any official or generally accepted interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed 
by two Directors (or if there is one Director, a Director) of the relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, two Directors (or if there is one Director, a Director) of the relevant Guarantor stating 
that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to do have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing approved by the 
Agent to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate and the opinion as sufficient 
evidence of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event they shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c)
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(i)
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii)
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry 
of such notice the relevant Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Independent 
Financial Adviser equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (or 
such other basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, 
plus the Redemption Margin. Any such notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer’s 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state 
that, in the relevant Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such 
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer it is sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date as delayed. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Any redemption in part must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c): 
“IFA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Independent 
Financial Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international

--- Page 70 ---
70 
repute appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense;“Redemption Margin” shall be as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out or 
if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the IFA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if 
the Independent Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption;  
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer 
(or the Independent Financial Adviser on its behalf), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Independent Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Independent Financial 
Adviser by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (or, if a Par Call Period 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) determined on 
the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from (and including) the date on which 
such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (or, if a Par 
Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date). 
(d)
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Residual Call) 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Series issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days' notice to 
the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(e)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any 
time during the normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note, or is in definitive form and held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the relevant clearing system (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary therefor to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, 
at the same time present, or procure the presentation of, the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
(f)
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i)
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at its nominal amount; and 
(ii)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)௬
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(g)
Purchases 
RSG, Schiphol Nederland, any other Subsidiary of RSG may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the purchaser’s option, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(h)
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. Upon a cancellation of Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced by the nominal 
amount of such Notes so cancelled. 
(i)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph (f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii)
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(j)
Redemption or purchase upon Change of Control 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and whilst any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, a Change of Control and a Negative Rating Event occur within the Change of 
Control Period and continue until the end of the Change of Control Period (a “Put Event”), each 
holder of any Note shall have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the 
relevant Issuer to redeem (or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, to purchase (or to procure the 
purchase of)) such Note, in whole (but not in part) on the date falling 7 Business Days after the 
end of the Put Period (as defined below) (such date a “Put Date”) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. Following 
the occurrence of a Put Event, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the end of 
the Change of Control Period, the relevant Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of 
the occurrence of the Put Event (the “Put Event Notification”). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the Note must, if it is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver this Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the period of 10 Business Days after the relevant Put Event Notification is given 
(the “Put Period”), accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put 
Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied

--- Page 73 ---
73 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the Note is in definitive form, it should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression, if applicable, shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of unmatured Talons) maturing after the Put Date, failing which (i) if this 
Note is a Fixed Rate Note, the amount of any such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment 
and (ii) if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void. In the case of (i) above, each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner provided in Condition 5 against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
If the Note is represented by a Global Note, or is in definitive form and held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the 
holder of this Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of the relevant clearing system (which may include 
notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary therefor to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global 
Note, at the same time present, or procure the presentation of, the relevant Global Note to the 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
If this Note is in definitive form, the Paying Agent to which this Note and the related Put Notice 
are delivered will issue to the relevant Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect 
of this Note. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly 
specified a bank account in the Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date by 
transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation 
and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent. A Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to the 
Conditions shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of 
Default has occurred and the Notes are to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this provision. For the purposes of this provision and the Conditions, receipts 
issued pursuant to this Condition shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
The relevant Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes on the Put 
Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
A “Change of Control” means that the State of The Netherlands (Staat der Nederlanden) ceases 
to (I) own directly or indirectly (through any municipality, governmental body and/or 
governmental organisation) more than 50 per cent. of the total issued share capital of RSG; or (II) 
have the power directly or indirectly (through any municipality, governmental body and/or 
governmental organisation) to cast, or control the casting of, more than 50 per cent. of the 
maximum number of votes that may be cast at general meetings of RSG. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period (i) commencing on the earlier of (x) any public 
announcement or statement of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, any person acting on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any 
adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control or (y) the date of the first public announcement of the Change of Control having

--- Page 74 ---
74 
occurred, and (ii) ending on the 180th day (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change 
of Control. 
“Negative Rating Event” means either (a) the public announcement by a relevant Rating Agency 
of a Rating which is less favourable than an Investment Grade Rating, or (b) if at the time of the 
Change of Control (i) there is no publicly announced rating by any Rating Agency solicited by 
the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s 
financial strength or senior and unsecured indebtedness and (ii) no Rating Agency assigns during 
the Change of Control Period an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes (unless the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Guarantor are unable to obtain such a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the 
Change of Control); provided, in each case, that a Negative Rating Event otherwise arising by 
virtue of a particular change in rating, or failure to obtain an Investment Grade Rating shall be 
deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency 
making the change in or withdrawing the rating, or failing to award an Investment Grade Rating, 
to which this definition would otherwise apply does not confirm that the withdrawal, reduction or 
such failure was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising 
as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a Rating of BBB- or higher in the case of a rating issued by 
S&P and Baa3 or higher in the case of a Rating issued by Moody’s. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody's France SAS 
(“Moody’s”) and their respective successors to their ratings business. 
“Rating” means the publicly announced rating by any Rating Agency solicited by the relevant 
Issuer or the relevant Guarantor of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s financial 
strength or senior and unsecured indebtedness. 
7.
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by the Netherlands 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note 
or Coupon: 
(i)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii)
presented for payment in the Netherlands; or 
(iii)
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who would be able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting any form or certificate and/or making a 
declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day, assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 5(e)); or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(v)
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, as the 
case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13. 
8.
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9.
Events of Default  
(a)
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall have occurred, and be continuing, any 
Noteholder may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare to the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Guarantor any Note held by that holder to be forthwith immediately due and repayable 
at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
prepayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind being required: 
(i)
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and, in the case of payment of any interest, the default continues for a 
period of 14 days; or 
(ii)
if the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its 
other obligations under these Conditions upon notice to such effect being given to the 
relevant Issuer, or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor the failure continues 
for the period of 45 days next following the service on the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Guarantor of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii)
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the relevant Issuer, the 
relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary (as defined below) becomes due and 
repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period or any security given by 
the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary for any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the relative Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relative 
to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred and be continuing shall 
amount to at least EUR 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and provided 
further that an event mentioned in this paragraph (iii) shall not be included within the 
ambit of this paragraph (iii) if the obligation to pay the relevant Indebtedness for

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Borrowed Money (or pursuant to the relevant guarantee or indemnity) is being disputed 
in good faith; or 
(iv)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, 
save for the purposes of an amalgamation, consolidation, merger, reconstitution or 
reorganisation (a) where the relevant legal entity surviving such amalgamation, 
consolidation, merger, reconstitution or reorganisation expressly assumes all obligations 
of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or (b) on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(v)
if the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on the whole or at least 50 per cent. of its business, save for the 
purposes of amalgamation, consolidation, merger, reconstitution or reorganisation (a) 
where the relevant legal entity surviving such amalgamation, consolidation, merger, 
reconstitution or reorganisation expressly assumes all obligations of the relevant Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or (b) on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the relevant Issuer, the 
relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary (i) files a request for bankruptcy within the 
meaning of Section 1 of the Netherlands Bankruptcy Act (“Faillisementswet”), (ii) files a 
request for a moratorium of payments within the meaning of Section 213 of the 
Netherlands Bankruptcy Act, (iii) is declared bankrupt within the meaning of Section 1 of 
the Netherlands Bankruptcy Act by a judgment of a competent court in the Netherlands 
and such judgment is not removed or stayed within 45 days, (iv) makes a general 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or (v) any event occurs which 
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to in any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above; or 
(vi)
if an executory attachment (executoriaal beslag) is made on any major part of the 
relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s assets or on any major part of any 
Principal Subsidiary’s assets or if a conservatory attachment (conservatoir beslag) is 
made on all or substantially all of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s assets 
or on all or substantially all of any Principal Subsidiary’s assets and such attachment is 
not removed or lifted within 45 days or any event occurs which under the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in this 
paragraph; or 
(vii)
the relevant Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the relevant Guarantor not to be) in full 
force and effect, 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) 
liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit (other than liabilities in 
respect of trade bills incurred in the ordinary course of trading) or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether 
by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether 
issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash. 
“Principal Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary (as defined below) (other than Schiphol Nederland) of 
RSG: 
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to RSG (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated 
gross revenues attributable to the shareholders of RSG, or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of RSG and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as

--- Page 77 ---
77 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of RSG and its Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of RSG which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
 “Subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 24a of Book 2 of the 
Netherlands Civil Code. 
A report by the Auditors (as defined in the Agency Agreement) that in their opinion a Subsidiary 
of RSG is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified 
period a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
all parties. 
10.
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11.
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i)
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(ii)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or, as the case may be, other relevant authority; and 
(iii)
 there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the Netherlands. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 5(d). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor paying agent. 
12.
Exchange of Talons

--- Page 78 ---
78 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13.
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published on the 
website of the Issuer and if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and such is 
required pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Euronext Amsterdam, in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the Netherlands The relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the 
rules of that stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with any Paying 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
14.
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Authorisation, Waiver and Determination 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification or abrogation of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor and 
shall be convened by the relevant Issuer at the request of Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons present being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification or 
abrogation of certain provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than two-
thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
“outstanding” means all the Notes issued other than inter alia those Notes which have been 
redeemed, purchased and cancelled or have become void pursuant to the Conditions, provided that, for 
the purposes of inter alia determining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of the Notes 
and determining how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for the purposes of this 
Condition 14 (and Condition 9(a) and (b)), those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries in each case as 
beneficial owner, shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding, all as 
more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i)
any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which is not, in the opinion of the Agent, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii)
any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of the Agent, is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion 
of the Agent, proven or to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Agent agrees otherwise, any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its powers, authorities or discretions (including, but 
without limitation, in relation to any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the 
Agent shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to 
any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever 
their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Agent shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor, the Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except, in the case of 
the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor to the extent provided for in Condition 7 and/or any 
undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
15.
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16.
Substitution of the relevant Issuer 
(a)
The relevant Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being 
required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, be

--- Page 80 ---
80 
replaced and substituted by the relevant Guarantor or any Subsidiary of RSG (the “Substituted 
Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons provided that: 
(i)
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer as 
may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor 
shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the 
Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency Agreement as 
the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the 
relevant Issuer and pursuant to which the relevant Guarantor (if not the Substituted 
Debtor) shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the 
“Guarantee”) in favour of each Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the 
payment of all sums payable in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons;
(ii)
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses (provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes 
effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder as a result of any 
substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been so incurred or 
levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, such 
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties which are 
imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject 
to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution 
not been made);
(iii)
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the relevant Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer under the Documents are all valid 
and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each 
Noteholder;
(iv)
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange;
(v)
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date 
of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(vi)
the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent 
of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the relevant Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
relevant Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and
(vii)
the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent 
of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor and the relevant Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than 
three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified 
office of the Agent. 
(b)
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such 
substitution for individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 
16(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the relevant Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c)
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (g) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of 
the relevant Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to 
release the relevant Issuer as issuer and, as applicable, the relevant Guarantor as guarantor, from 
all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons, save 
that any claims under the Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the 
benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d)
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or 
Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor 
and the relevant Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and 
Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the 
relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(e)
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
17.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons shall be

--- Page 82 ---
82 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, laws of the Netherlands. 
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the 
Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons) may 
be brought in such courts. 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may 
have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and 
any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby 
further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands’ courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the 
courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against RSG or 
Schiphol Nederland in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, either:  
(a) for general corporate purposes; or  
(b) exclusively to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects.  
“Eligible Projects” means projects in the following categories: 
a) Green Buildings  
New or existing investments in or expenditures on properties which meet at least one of the following 
criteria: 
i.
New, existing or refurbished buildings which have received at least one (or more) of the 
following classifications: 
(i) LEED2: Platinum or Gold  
(ii) BREEAM3: Outstanding, Excellent or Very Good 
(iii)EPBD4: A  
(iv) Refurbished buildings with at least two steps improvement in energy label up to at least 
EPBD label B. 
ii.
Individual investments Green Buildings to ensure in environmental improvements such as 
renewable energy projects (e.g. solar panel installations), sustainable/circular furniture, 
energy efficient lighting (such as LED), thermal energy storage systems, cool roof and any 
other sustainability-oriented construction materials, waste diversion, collection and 
reduction, water and energy-saving technologies and materials and improvements recognized 
by sustainable rating systems. 
b) Clean Transportation 
New or existing investments in fixed electrical ground power and pre-conditioned air units5, zero 
emission equipment for remote handling, electric vehicles for passenger transportation at the airport 
premises, electric charging points for these vehicles, electric charging points for taxis and consumer 
cars, equipment for electric taxiing, investments to facilitate the development of sustainable 
aviation fuel facilities and investments to further improve access to public transportation. 
Only Tranches of Notes exclusively intended to finance or refinance Eligible Projects will be 
designated as “Green Bonds” and will be identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whilst any Green Bond net proceeds remain unallocated, the relevant Issuer will hold and/or 
invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid 
instruments, the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to Eligible Projects. 
2 LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) is a widely used green building rating system, which provides for a 
framework that can be used to create healthy, highly efficient and cost-savings green buildings. 
3 BREAAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) is a leading sustainability assessment method 
for amongst others infrastructure and buildings whereby it assesses and certifies an asset’s environmental, social and economic 
sustainability performance. 
4 EPBD is the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive, which is a European directive to enforce measurement of energy 
performance of buildings. Please note that the EPBD requires all new buildings from 2021 onwards to be nearly zero-energy 
buildings (NZEB). 
5 Schiphol provides for so-called fixed electrical ground power and pre-conditioned air units (in Dutch: Walstroom) whereby 
airplanes can dock to these facilities for electricity to perform cleaning and maintenance activities and support climate control, 
which prevents the use of kerosene or diesel-powered generators to perform these activities.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Eligible Projects are evaluated and selected by the ‘Schiphol Sustainability Committee’ in 
accordance with – and based on compliance with – the eligibility criteria set out above, as derived from a 
green bond framework initially published by RSG on 5 October 2018 and updated on 1 April 2020 (as 
further revised, updated or restated from time to time, the “Green Finance Framework of RSG”). 
RSG is expected to report on the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds and the 
environmental and social impact of projects funded therewith and to arrange for external review in 
connection with the Green Finance Framework of RSG or any issuance of Green Bonds, as per the Green 
Finance Framework of RSG. 
The information provided in this Prospectus in relation to the Green Finance Framework of RSG 
is in summarised form. The Green Finance Framework of RSG is further not incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus but is available for viewing on the website, https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-
group/page/green-finance-framework/.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
DESCRIPTION OF RSG 
Introduction 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (formerly: N.V. Luchthaven Schiphol) (“RSG”), was incorporated on 
22 January 1958 and operates as a company with limited liability under Dutch law. RSG is registered in 
the trade register at the Chamber of Commerce under number 34029174. RSG has its corporate seat in 
Schiphol, the Netherlands and has its registered address at Evert van de Beekstraat 202, 1118 CP Schiphol, 
Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the Netherlands, telephone: +31 20 601 9111. The Articles of 
Association of RSG were last amended by notarial deed on 19 April 2017. The Articles of Association are 
available for viewing at https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/schiphol-group/pagina/corporate-governance/. RSG’s 
website is www.schiphol.nl.  The legal Identifier Number (LEI) of RGS is: 724500XSMG4AYQ8NDK42.
Capitalisation and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of RSG is approximately EUR 143 million divided into 
300,000 A shares and 14,892 B shares each of par value EUR 454.00. As at 31 December 2020, a total 
of 171,255 A shares and 14,892 B shares had been issued, all of which are fully paid. The Aviation Act 
(Wet luchtvaart) requires that a majority of the economic and legal interest in RSG shall be owned by 
public authorities. Groupe ADP owns all of the B shares. By virtue of its Articles of Association, only 
Dutch government entities are eligible to own shares in RSG. An exception is in place for Groupe ADP. 
Ownership of these shares is currently as follows: 
–
State of the Netherlands 69.77 per cent. 
–
The City of Amsterdam 20.03 per cent. 
–
Groupe ADP 8.00 per cent. 
–
The City of Rotterdam 2.20 per cent. 
Notwithstanding its ownership structure, RSG is a (financially) independent commercial 
enterprise servicing financial commitments from cash flows generated by its subsidiaries, with no 
sovereign guarantee.  
Corporate Governance 
RSG is not listed on a stock exchange and is therefore not legally obliged to comply with the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”). The Code provides direction for effective cooperation 
and management and contains principles and best practices for Dutch public companies whose shares are 
listed on a stock exchange.  
RSG has taken note of the Code, as published on 8 December 2016, and designated the Code as a 
code of conduct within the context of Section 2:391, subsection 5, of the Dutch Civil Code. In 2017, RSG 
updated its rules governing the Management Board, the Supervisory Board and its four subcommittees in 
line with the Code. RSG has implemented the majority of the Code’s principles and best practice provisions 
and since 2017 integrally reports on these principles and best practises in its annual report. The principles 
and best practice provisions of the Code have been implemented where possible and/or advisable and 
have been laid down in a comply-or-explain overview.  
Only a few of the best practice provisions have not been implemented, primarily as a consequence 
of the current ownership structure. The exceptions are explained in the comply-or-explain overview, which 
is available on https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/corporate-governance/.
Financial Statements 
RSG prepares consolidated financial statements on an annual basis, which are audited by an

--- Page 86 ---
86 
external accountant, and consolidated financial statements on a semi-annual basis, which are unaudited. 
Management Board 
The members of the Management Board are as follows: 
Dick A. Benschop  
Chair of the Management Board/President and Chief Executive Officer 
Chair of the Board of Oranjefonds Foundation 
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Brisbane Airport 
Corporation PTY Ltd.6
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Groupe ADP7
Co-Chair of the Schiphol Security and Public Safety Platform 
Member Daily and General Board VNO-NCW 
Member Supervisory Board Stichting Bevordering kwaliteit leefomgeving 
Schipholregio 
Member Amsterdam Economic Board
Jabine van der Meijs (until 
1 April 2021) 
Member of the Management Board/Chief Financial Officer  
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Brisbane Airport 
Corporation PTY Ltd.8
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Groupe ADP9
Non-executive Director, Supervisory Board member & Chair of the Audit 
Committee of Kendrion N.V. 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the People and 
Remuneration Committee of Koole Terminals Holding B.V.
Robert Carsouw (as of 1 
April 2021) 
Member of the Management Board/Chief Financial Officer 
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Brisbane Airport 
Corporation PTY Ltd10
Birgit I. Otto 
Member of the Management Board/Chief Operations Officer 
Supervisory Board member of Eindhoven Airport N.V. 
Supervisory Board member of Royal FloraHolland U.A. 
Chair of Schiphol Security and Public Safety Steering Group 
Member of the Schiphol Security and Public Safety Platform 
Chair of the Joint Sector Safety Review Board 
Board member ACI Europe 
Board member Next Generation Infrastructures 
Supervisor of the Dutch Federation of Professional Soccer Organisations 
Hanne L. Buis (since 1 
June 2020) 
Member of the Management Board and Chief Projects and Assets Officer 
(CPAO)  
Supervisory Board member Stedin Holding N.V. 
Supervisor Dutch Bach Association 
Secretary to STAK W.Th. Zandstra Beheer B.V. 
Member of the board of the Hoogeschoolraad Erasmus University
With effect from 1 June 2020, the Supervisory Board appointed Ms. Hanne Buis as the Chief 
Projects & Assets Officer (CPAO) of RSG. She has succeeded André van den Berg, who previously 
indicated that he would not serve a second term as Chief Commercial Officer. In this role, Ms. Buis is 
6 It should be noted that any remuneration earned by Management Board members in relation to (supervisory) board positions in group companies is 
received by the company and not by the individual Management Board members. 
7 Idem. 
8 Idem. 
9 Idem. 
10 Idem.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
responsible for projects such as the new pier and future terminal, asset management, real estate and IT.    
With effect from 1 April 2021, the Supervisory Board appointed Mr. Robert Carsouw as the Chief 
Financial Officer of RSG. He succeeds Mrs. van der Meijs, who previously indicated that she did not wish 
to serve a second term as Chief Financial Officer. As the new CFO of Royal Schiphol Group, Mr. Robert 
Carsouw has been proposed to succeed Mrs. Van der Meijs as a non-executive member of the Board of 
Directors of Groupe ADP Mr. Robert Carsouw is expected to be ratified as a non-executive member of the 
Board of Groupe ADP at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Groupe ADP which has been 
called for 11 May 2021. 
The business address of each Management Board member is the address of RSG’s principal 
executive office in the Netherlands. 
It cannot be excluded that a conflict of interest may arise between the duties of Mr. 
Benschop and Mrs. Van der Meijs, or her successor on the Board of Groupe ADP, as members of the 
Management Board of RSG and as members of the Board of Groupe ADP. Such conflict of interest may 
for example arise when both Groupe ADP and RSG are involved in a bid process for the acquisition of an 
airport. However, RSG considers it unlikely that any such conflict of interest will occur. Moreover, internal 
rules are in place should such conflict arise which prohibit Mr. Benschop and Mrs. Van der Meijs, or her 
successor on the Board of Groupe ADP, from participating in the decision-making process at Groupe ADP 
if there is a conflict of interest between Groupe ADP and RSG. 
There are no other (potential) conflicts of interest between the duties of each of the members of 
the Management Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association of RSG, a non-executive Supervisory Board of not 
less than five and not more than eight persons supervises, appoints, advises and assists the Management 
Board, comprising the Chairman of the Management Board (also known as President and Chief Executive 
Officer), the Chief Operations Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Projects & Assets Officer, 
in the execution of its duties and management of the general affairs of RSG and Schiphol Nederland. The 
Supervisory Board members are appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders upon nomination by the 
Supervisory Board itself. 
The Supervisory Board aims to include an eighth member and expects to nominate a (female) 
candidate at the Annual General Meeting 2021. 
At present, the members of the Supervisory Board are as follows: 
Louise J. Gunning-Schepers 
(Chair) 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of ONVZ 
Chair of the KHMW 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of RegMed XB 
Chair of the Board of Governors of the Prins Claus Chair 
Member of the Supervisory Board of the Eindhoven University of Technology 
Board member of Adore Foundation 
Former Crown-appointed member of the Executive Board of the Netherlands Social 
and Economic Council 
Former CEO and Dean of UvA AMC 
Former Chair of the Executive Board of the University of Amsterdam 
Joop G. Wijn (Vice-Chair) 
Member of the Supervisory Board of a.s.r. N.V. 
Former Chief Strategy and Risk Officer of Adyen B.V. 
Former Member of the Management Board of ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Former Minister of Economic Affairs 
Former State Secretary of Finance 
Former State Secretary of Economic Affairs

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Declan Collier 
Chair TCR International N.V. 
Chair Office of Rail & Road 
Non-executive Director Belfast City Airport 
Senior Advisor Oaktree Infrastructure Fund (OTIF) 
Immediate past President of Airports Council International (ACI) World 
Former Chief Executive Officer of Dublin Airport 
Authority and London City Airport  
Former Chair of Aer Rianta International (ARI) 
Former Council Member of the Confederation of British Industry 
Former Board Director of London First 
Former Non-executive Director of Allied Irish Banks (AIB) Group 
Edward Arkwright 
Deputy CEO of Groupe ADP  
Chair of TAV Airports 
Chair of Hub One 
Chair of Cercle de l'Harmonie - Jérémie Rhorer Orchestra 
Chair of ADP International 
Chair of ADP Invest 
Member of the Management Board of ESSEC Business School 
Simone Brummelhuis 
Director at Borski Fund 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Mediahuis Nederland 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabo Amsterdam 
Robert Jan van de Kraats 
Non-Executive Chairman TMF Group 
Director Randstad Beheer 
Non-Executive Director OCI N.V. 
Non-Executive Director VEON Ltd. 
Member of the Advisory Board of the Goldschmeding Foundation  
Member of the Advisory Board of Suitsupply B.V. 
Former Advisor to the Supervisory Board of Hema B.V. (until 1 February 2021) 
Former CFO and Vice-Chair of the Executive Board of Randstad N.V. 
Mikael Olsson 
Non-executive Director of Tesco plc, member of the remuneration committee and
the corporate responsibility committee  
Member of the Supervisory Board of Ikano S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Lindengruppen AB 
Former member of the Board of Directors and  
Vice Chair of Volvo Cars Group 
Former President & CEO of IKEA Group./Ingka Holding B.V. 
At the general meeting of 14 April 2020, Mr Joop Wijn was reappointed as a Supervisory Board 
member for a third term of one year effective June 2020. By means of a resolution outside a general 
meeting, Mr Edward Arkwright was reappointed as a Supervisory Board member for a second term of 
office effective August 2020. 
The business address of each Supervisory Board member is the address of RSG’s principal 
executive office in the Netherlands. 
It cannot be excluded that a conflict of interest may arise between the duties of Mr. 
Arkwright as a member of the Supervisory Board of RSG and as Executive Director of Groupe ADP, Chair 
of TAV Airports and Chair of ADP International. However, RSG considers it unlikely that any such

--- Page 89 ---
89 
conflict of interest will occur. In addition, internal rules are in place should such conflict arise which 
prohibit Mr. Arkwright from participating in the decision-making process at RSG if there is a conflict of 
interest between Groupe ADP and RSG. 
There are no other (potential) conflicts of interest between the duties of each of the members of 
the Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Subsidiaries and participations 
RSG has Schiphol Nederland B.V. as its main subsidiary. The Issuers estimate that, as at 31 
December 2020, Schiphol Nederland B.V. accounted for approximately 88% (2019: 83%) of RSG’s assets, 
approximately 97% (2019: 99%) of RSG’s revenues, approximately 83% (2019: 41%) (or, leaving out 
RSG’s liabilities under the Programme, approximately 96% (2019: 94%)) of RSG’s liabilities and 
approximately 96% (2019: 92%) of RSG’s total equity (in each case on a consolidated basis). The 
remaining assets, revenues, liabilities and total equity of RSG are attributable to Schiphol International 
B.V., RSG’s participation in Groupe ADP and RSG (unconsolidated). These percentages are unaudited 
estimates from the Issuers which have been prepared based on RSG’s audited consolidated financial 
statements and company financial statements and Schiphol Nederland B.V.’s unaudited internal financial 
statements. For more information, see “Description of Schiphol Nederland”.  
RSG is the sole shareholder of Schiphol International B.V. and has an 8 per cent. cross-
participation in Groupe ADP.  
The figure below provides an overview of the structure of the Royal Schiphol Group.  
RSG’s international activities 
RSG has made airport-related investments in Australia, France, Hong Kong, Italy and the United 
States.  
Through its subsidiary Schiphol International B.V., which owns Schiphol USA Inc., RSG is 100 
per cent. shareholder of John F. Kennedy International Air Terminal LLC which operates Terminal 4. 
Schiphol USA Inc. holds all class A shares and Delta Air Lines Inc all class B shares in John F. Kennedy 
International Air Terminal LLC.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Through its subsidiary Schiphol Australia Pty Ltd., Schiphol International B.V. holds a 19.61 per 
cent interest in Brisbane Airport Corporation Pty Holdings Ltd., which owns and operates Brisbane Airport 
in Australia. In 2018, Schiphol Australia Pty Ltd. acquired an additional 0.98 per cent. of the shares 
increasing its participation to 19.61 per cent. 
In October 2019, Royal Schiphol Group acquired a 35% stake in Tasmanian Gateway Holdings 
Corporation Pty Ltd (TGHC) in Australia. The principal objective of TGHC is to invest in and hold all the 
interests in Tasmanian Gateway Corporation Pty Ltd (TGC), which holds all the interests in Hobart 
International Airport Pty Ltd (HIAPL). The acquisition concerned both 35% of the ordinary shares and 35% 
of the redeemable preference shares (RPS). In 2020, the RPS held in TGHC were replaced with a mixture 
of interest-bearing and interest-free loan notes. 
In addition, Schiphol International B.V. is engaged in a strategic cooperation agreement with Aruba 
Queen Beatrix International Airport. As part of this agreement, Schiphol nominates the airport’s CEO, 
delivers technical support, shares knowledge and best practices and allows the airport to operate under the 
RSG brand. Furthermore, Schiphol International B.V. supports Sint Maarten Princess Juliana Airport with 
the reconstruction of the airport after the devastation caused by hurricane Irma in 2017, and has a  strategic 
collaboration with Incheon Airport, as well as international real estate activities in Italy, Hong Kong and 
France. 
Groupe ADP 
On 1 December 2008, RSG entered into an industrial cooperation with Groupe ADP. To reinforce 
their mutual commitment to the cooperation, Groupe ADP and RSG entered into an 8.00 per cent. cross-
shareholding agreement, which includes positions in each other’s non-executive boards. The cooperation, 
with the official title ‘HubLink, leading airport alliance’, aims to achieve strategic, tactical, operational and 
financial benefits for the partners through e.g., benchmarking, joint innovation and procurement, joint 
international development and joint lobbying. In existence now for more than 10 years, the cooperation has 
proven to generate clear benefits for both partners.  
The cooperation agreement formally ended in December 2020. Because of the uncertainties 
resulting from the COVID-19 crisis, in October 2020 Groupe ADP and RSG announced a one-year 
extension of the cooperation agreement to November 30th 2021. During this period, Groupe ADP and RSG 
will discuss the potential further extension of the collaboration.
Operations 
The principal activity of RSG is the management, operation and development of Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol. 
Business Areas 
Until March 2021, the structure of RSG and its Dutch Subsidiaries (the “Royal Schiphol Group”) 
consisted of four business areas: Aviation, Consumer Products & Services, Real Estate and Alliances & 
Participations. However, as part of the organisational measures implemented to mitigate the impact of 
COVID-19 , Royal Schiphol Group is being restructured into three business areas effective 1 March 2021: 
Airport Operations & Aviation Partnerships (previously: Aviation), Schiphol Commercial (previously: 
Consumer Products & Services and Real Estate), and Alliances & Participations. This will have a material 
impact on the current reporting segments 
Airport Operations & Aviation Partnerships (previously Aviation) 
This business area operates at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and provides services and facilities to 
airlines, passengers and handling agents. Aviation generates most of its revenue from airport charges 
(changes related to aircraft and passengers) and concession fees (paid by oil companies for the provision of 
aircraft refuelling services). The activities of the business area Airport Operations & Aviation Partnerships

--- Page 91 ---
91 
take place, through Schiphol Nederland, at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. For more information, see 
“Description of Schiphol Nederland”. 
Schiphol Commercial (previously Consumer Products & Services and Real Estate) 
In the new business area structure, Consumer Products & Services has been merged with the 
business area Real Estate and named Schiphol Commercial. The activities of this new business area consist 
of granting and managing concessions for shops, food and beverages and service outlets (generating 
variable revenue from concessions and fixed revenue from leasing retail locations), operating car parks 
(generating revenue from parking charges),advertising opportunities at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ( 
generating revenue from providing advertising space) and the development, management, operation and 
investment in real estate at and around domestic and foreign airports (generating revenues from the 
development and leasing of land and buildings as well as through sales and fair value gains or losses). With 
the exception of car parking revenues all revenues, originate from services to other companies (business to 
business). Car parking revenues come from passengers and visitors to the airport (business to consumer). 
The activities of the business area Schiphol Commercial take place, through Schiphol Nederland, at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. For more information, see “Description of Schiphol Nederland”.  
Alliances & Participations 
This business area comprises the Regional Airports (Rotterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven and 
Lelystad), International Airports and other activities. Airport charges, concessions and parking charges are 
the main sources of revenue for the regional airports (Rotterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven and Lelystad). For 
more information on regional airports in the Netherlands and other activities, see “Description of Schiphol 
Nederland”. 
Through participations in, and alliances and partnerships with, airports in other countries, Royal 
Schiphol Group can continue to improve its products and processes and share knowledge with other airport 
operators, from which all parties involved may benefit. Royal Schiphol Group continues to investigate 
international opportunities. The international activities of Royal Schiphol Group strengthen the 
development of Royal Schiphol Group and ultimately the competitive position of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. The airports abroad contribute to the group result through their results as accounted for in share in 
results of associates and joint ventures and through the interest paid on loans. 
Ambition and Strategy – Connect your world 
RSG’s ambition is to connect your world, by orchestrating inspiring journeys, building connections 
for passengers and other stakeholders and being a front-runner in sustainability. Connecting your world 
embodies the ‘Why’ of Royal Schiphol Group. The need for strong air travel connectivity has been brought 
into sharp focus by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has seen a decline in Schiphol’s direct destinations as 
well as reduced flight frequencies on many routes. Schiphol can support the social and economic recovery 
from the crisis by restoring essential connections between the Netherlands and the wider world. 
However, to restore the quality of its network, RSG must first address more immediate challenges 
by prioritising what matters most and ensuring safe and responsible air travel. From this starting point, RSG 
has an opportunity to ‘build back better’ and must ensure that the ‘Why’ balances the need for connectivity 
with the need to ensure quality of life for local communities and the environment. RSG plans to do this by 
carefully monitoring noise pollution, local air quality and carbon emissions, among other efforts.  
Schiphol’s ambition is to operate the world's most sustainable, high-quality airports. As part of this 
ambition, Schiphol wants operations to be zero-emissions and zero-waste by 2030 and to eventually 
function as an energy-positive and fully circular organisation. All the while, Schiphol will continue to play 
a leadership role in driving sustainability across the aviation sector and aim for net-zero-emissions aviation 
by 2050.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Royal Schiphol Group’s Vision 2050 
Royal Schiphol Group’s Vision 2050 sets a new and aspirational goal for the organisation and the 
wider Dutch aviation industry. This Vision is based on strengthening the fundamental ‘qualities’ offered as 
a Group:  Quality of Network, Quality of Life and Quality of Service. Safety and a Robust organisation 
support these three qualities as key enablers.  
Quality of Network 
Maintaining a high-quality network is an essential pillar of RSG’s Vision 2050. The quality of 
network at Schiphol and RSG’s other airports was extremely high before the pandemic. However, the sharp 
decline in air passenger numbers has since led many airlines to cancel routes while others have significantly 
reduced their flight frequencies. Schiphol has managed to maintain the vast majority of destinations and 
with them connectivity. Over time, the aim is to fully restore the airports’ networks in a safe and timely 
manner by working with airlines and other industry partners. Key to a swift recovery will be to ensure the 
airports operate as safely and healthily as possible. Schiphol also advocates responsible actions on the part 
of governments and regulators to support the recovery, including sector-wide initiatives such as safe 
transport corridors, rapid testing and alignment in health and safety practices between airlines and airports.  
However, to ‘build back better’ after the crisis, RSG must balance the requirement for a high-
quality network with the need to ensure quality of service for customers and safeguard quality of life for 
local residents and society at large. 
Quality of Life 
In addition to restoring the high-quality network and connectivity, RSG aims to operate zero-
emissions and zero-waste airports by 2030. As RSG moves towards this goal, it will uphold the principles 
of the circular economy and ensure a healthy living environment for local residents and communities. The 
pandemic has not altered these ambitions. However, the approach and timeframe outlined in Schiphol’s 
Sustainability Roadmap 2030 may need to be reassessed.  
Schiphol now has the opportunity to make sustainability a central element of recovery from the 
pandemic; for example, by introducing additional requirements for airlines, including more frequent fleet 
renewal and increased use of sustainable fuel sources. In addition, the needs of local communities must be 
prioritized by ensuring noise pollution around the Schiphol site remains well below 2019 levels even when 
air traffic returns to normal. 
Schiphol aims to lead the development of a responsible and sustainable aviation sector by working 
with partners to accelerate sustainable aviation innovations such as bio-based fuel and electrified transport 
modes. At the same time, RSG must continue to advocate sustainable aviation practices and 
decisionmaking at a national and regional level. For example, RSG believes that sustainable air travel 
should be a central element of the European Green Deal to aid the region’s economic recovery. In addition, 
it is important to create a level playing field through consistent and mutually beneficial legislation.   
For more information regarding Schiphol’s Sustainability Roadmap, please refer to: Schiphol - 
Making aviation more sustainable. 
Quality of Service 
Schiphol’s ambition is to create the most sustainable, high-quality airports by orchestrating 
smooth and inspiring passenger journeys, supported by efficient, digitally enabled airport processes. This 
ambition extends beyond the immediate traveller experience and also focuses on connecting people, 
businesses and ideas from around the world.    
While RSG remains committed to its long-term ambitions, the COVID-19 pandemic has led RSG

--- Page 93 ---
93 
to refocus on the essential services and make safety and reliability the starting point for every customer 
experience. To ensure this, there is a need to improve certain aspects of services provided and to retain high 
standards of on-time performance levels once normal air traffic volumes resume. The COVID-19 pandemic 
also leads RSG to consider the affordability of its services, ensuring a competitive pricing structure for 
airlines and other customers. 
Close collaboration with the aviation chain will be crucial to ensure the needs of customers are 
met. Schiphol’s newly opened Airport Operations Centre (“APOC”) will enable Schiphol and its partners 
to jointly manage essential aviation processes and exchange knowledge and data more efficiently.  
Safety 
The first enabler of RSG’s three Vision 2050 cornerstones is safety. Working in close collaboration 
with partners and following the advice of the Dutch Safety Board (“OVV”), RSG ensures the safe running 
of its airport operations for employees and staff, as well as safe surroundings for passengers and local 
residents, is not only essential to the day-to-day operations, it is the licence to operate.  
In 2020, Safety took on added significance as an enabler of RSG’s three qualities, as the COVID-
19 pandemic created new, immediate safety concerns. As an operator of airports, Schiphol has a 
responsibility to safeguard the health of passengers, employees and other visitors by carefully managing 
facilities and processes. Schiphol and RSG’s airports have done so by implementing hygiene and social 
distancing measures. 
RSG remains committed to ensuring the safe running of airport operations for everyone who works 
on our site, as well as safe surroundings for passengers and local residents. As passenger numbers rose 
during the period before the pandemic, RSG introduced a series of safety-focused measures. RSG’s 
medium-term safety objectives are outlined in the “Roadmap Safety Improvement Schiphol” put in place by 
the Integral Safety Management System (“ISMS”). The shared goals of the ISMS collaboration are to 
control current safety risks, reduce future risks and create shared opportunities for continuous safety.  
An important initiative that forms part of the Roadmap is a project to convert Schiphol’s Quebec 
taxiway into a dual-taxiway system. In 2020, Schiphol began the first phase of the project, which will have 
an important bearing on the safety of airside operations.  
Robust organization 
A robust organization is the second key enabler of RSG’s Vision 2050 RSG aims to be a financially 
resilient and flexible and forward-thinking organisation. This involves making the most of the diverse 
qualities and capabilities of the employees and different airports linked to RSG. As the organisation has 
grown, RSG has sought to build on these innate qualities by developing staff and fostering collaboration 
and knowledge-sharing between Schiphol teams and employees around the world. Financial solidity is an 
essential component of this robust organization and means that RSG is well positioned to recover from the 
impact of the crisis.  
An important driver of the recovery process is Schiphol’s reorganization programme, “Project 
Reset”, which will enable Schiphol to move forward as a more efficient and future-proof organization. 
Please refer to the following section for more information regarding this reorganization programme.    
Project Reset: Adapt and improve 
RSG’s reorganisation programme, Project Reset, supports the ambition to “build back better” and 
reflects the significant impact the pandemic has had on the company and operations.  
Project Reset involves reprioritising the investment portfolio and operational expenditures. RSG 
will also make structural improvements to mitigate the anticipated long-term effects of the pandemic on air

--- Page 94 ---
94 
travel demand and passenger behaviours. The starting point is a simpler, more streamlined organisational 
structure that involves the merger of several business areas and departments.  
The renewed organisational structure (see below) has come into effect on 1 March 2021. 
Recent Developments and Key Issues 
For recent developments and key issues pertaining to Schiphol Nederland B.V., see “Description of 
Schiphol Nederland”. 
Corporate income tax 
The effective tax rate in 2020 was 22.2%, which is 4.9 percentage points higher than 2019 (17.3%). 
At the end of 2020 the House of Representatives and the Senate approved the Belastingplan 2021 including 
the continuation of the nominal income tax rate to 25.0% from 2021 onwards. At the end of 2019, it was 
initially communicated that there would be a reduction of the nominal income tax rate applicable from 2021 
under the Belastingplan 2020 with an income tax rate reduction from 25.0% to 21.7%. The rate at which an 
important part of the deferred tax assets and liabilities will be settled is calculated at the current rate of 
25.0%. The changes in the nominal income tax rate applicable as from 2021 caused revaluations of deferred 
tax assets and liabilities. The higher rate at which differences will be settled resulted in a decrease in the 
income tax expense in 2020 and 2019. As was the case in prior years, the application of the participation 
exemption to the results of associates decreases the effective tax rate. No deferred tax asset is recognised 
for the unused tax losses incurred in Italy.  
Legal Proceedings 
Currently, a limited number of legal proceedings in which Royal Schiphol Group is involved are 
pending. The most important disputes are described in “Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent 
Developments and Key Issues”. As at 31 December 2019, RSG included a claim of EUR 10 million in its 
provisions concerning a dispute with Chipshol. However, in May 2020, RSG settled the legal claim by 
acquiring the entity that holds the claims and the provision was released from the consolidated balance 
sheet.   
Material Contracts 
Following a public tender process in line with European regulations, in August 2018, RSG  
mandated and subsequently entered into main contracts with so-called main contractors which will carry 
out certain major construction, renovation and infrastructure maintenance projects at the Amsterdam

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Airport Schiphol site for RSG. These projects include, construction and maintenance activities of the 
existing runways, aprons, operational buildings and the terminal complex as well as landside infrastructure 
(both above ground and underground). The construction of the new pier and design and construction of the 
future terminal are not within the scope of these main contracts as these are subject to a separate public 
tender process. For the main contracts, RSG is bound by European regulation to publicly tender these type 
of contracts every 8 to 9 years. The focus in the tendering process was on cost optimization, improving 
business operations, sustainability, and the application of digital solutions and other innovations. The 
contracts became effective as of 1 April 2019 and the selected main contractors are BAM, Heijmans and 
VolkerWessels. The collective projects that are within the scope of these main contracts comprise an 
estimated total value of EUR 2.5 billion to EUR 3.5 billion over a maximum period of 9 years. RSG has not 
entered into other material contracts outside the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
DESCRIPTION OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND
Introduction 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland”) was incorporated on 28 December 2001 and 
came into existence on the consummation of the de-merger (afsplitsing) of RSG (the “De-merger”). 
Schiphol Nederland operates as a sub-holding company with limited liability under Dutch law. Schiphol 
Nederland is registered in the trade register at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam under number 
34166584. Schiphol Nederland has its corporate seat in Schiphol, Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the 
Netherlands and has its registered address at Evert van de Beekstraat 202, 1118 CP Schiphol, the 
Netherlands, telephone: +31 20 601 9111. The Articles of Association are contained in the notarial deed 
relating to the De-merger, which was executed on 27 December 2001. The Articles of Association are 
available for viewing at https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/schiphol-group/pagina/corporate-governance/. The 
Legal Identifier Number (LEI) of Schiphol Nederland is: 724500DX7Q1A19SPY530. 
Pursuant to the De-Merger, RSG transferred all its domestic business to Schiphol Nederland 
(including, but not limited to, its interests relating to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and its shares in Dutch 
domestic airports).  
Capitalisation and Shareholders 
RSG holds 100 per cent. of the issued shares in Schiphol Nederland. 
The authorised share capital of Schiphol Nederland is EUR 750 million, comprising 750 million 
ordinary registered shares of par value EUR 1 each. As of 31 December 2020, a total of 150 million 
ordinary registered shares had been issued, all of which are fully paid. 
Notwithstanding its indirect government ownership, Schiphol Nederland is a (financially) 
independent commercial enterprise servicing financial commitments from cash flows generated primarily 
by its ownership of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, with no sovereign guarantee. 
Management Board 
RSG has been appointed as the sole Managing Director of Schiphol Nederland. 
The business address of the sole Managing Director is the address of Schiphol Nederland’s 
principal executive office in the Netherlands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the sole Managing Director and its 
other interests and/or other duties. 
Schiphol Nederland airports 
Schiphol Nederland includes Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and has an interest in three other 
domestic airports: Rotterdam The Hague Airport (100% shareholding), Eindhoven Airport (51% 
shareholding) and Lelystad Airport (100% shareholding), all directly or indirectly held by Schiphol 
Nederland. Although Eindhoven Airport and Lelystad Airport develop and maintain their own market 
positions, they also play a crucial role in the management of the expected growth of mainport Schiphol. 
Business Areas 
Schiphol Nederland’s organisation reflects Royal Schiphol Group’s business area structure, which 
until March 2021, consisted of four business areas: Aviation, Consumer Products & Services, Real Estate 
and Alliances & Participations.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
In line with RSG, as from March 1 2021, Schiphol Nederland’s organisation is being restructured 
into three business area’s: Airport Operations & Aviation Partnerships (previously: Aviation), Schiphol 
Commercial (previously: Consumer Products & Retail and Real Estate), and Alliances & Participations. 
Please refer to RSG’s Business Areas section for more information. 
Airport Operations & Aviation Partners (previously: Aviation) 
One of this business areas most important operational objectives is to maintain Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol’s competitive standing as a mainport. To further its role as a mainport, Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol must continue to offer a large network of destinations with frequent connections. Achieving this 
requires a large volume of passengers, cargo and air transport movements and better connectivity relative to 
other major airports in Europe. Connectivity is a combination of the total number of destinations served, 
flight frequency and the ease with which passengers can make a connection. 
Serving travellers, airlines, handling agents and logistic services providers alike, the Airport 
Operations & Aviation Partners business area has a pivotal role at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Airport 
Operations & Aviation Partners supplies and manages the infrastructure that is required to ensure pleasant, 
reliable and efficient arrival and departure processes for travellers, baggage and cargo. It is responsible for 
coordinating safety in the terminal, on aprons and roads and in areas and buildings on airside. 
Schiphol Commercial (previously Consumer Products & Services and Real Estate) 
The business area Schiphol Commercial provides commercial services to passengers and businesses 
at the airport. The resulting revenues are non-regulated and encompass retail sales, concession income, car 
parking fees, rents, advertising and media revenues, real estate development, management and leasing and 
other income and management fees. 
The Schiphol Commercial business area works with partners to create unique experiences for 
travellers, with a surprising range of shops, catering outlets and services. It also uses innovative online and 
offline media concepts to reach and inform travellers. Offering a variety of parking products and premium 
services such as Privium, Valet Parking and the VIP Centre, facilitating a carefree and comfortable travel 
process. The primary driver for the services to passengers is the number of passengers using Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol and the average spend per passenger. 
The Schiphol Commercial real estate activities are concerned with the  development, and 
management and leasing of property on and around airports in the Netherlands. The vast majority of the 
portfolio comprises real estate located on and around Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Approximately five 
hundred companies with a total of approximately 67,000 employees are located at the AirportCity of 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. 
Alliances & Participations 
Insofar as Schiphol Nederland is concerned, the business area Alliances & Participations oversees 
the operation of regional airports and other activities. Airport charges, concessions and parking charges are 
the main sources of revenue for the regional airports. Like Schiphol itself, the regional airports are 
developed according to the AirportCity concept through investments in real estate and the creation of an 
attractive range of shops, hotels and restaurants.  
The three regional Dutch airports are: Rotterdam The Hague Airport (0.5 million passengers in 
2020; wholly owned by Royal Schiphol Group since 1989), Eindhoven Airport (2.1 million passengers in 
2020; 51 per cent. owned by Royal Schiphol Group since March 1998) and the general aviation airport of 
Lelystad (wholly owned by Royal Schiphol Group since 1993). Rotterdam, Eindhoven, and Lelystad 
Airport as from November 2021 (current assumption for opening), cater for select scheduled and charter 
airline services to European destinations. The regional airports mainly contribute to the revenue in the form 
of airport and parking charges.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
The other activities of this business unit mainly consist of Schiphol Telematics and Utilities. 
Schiphol Telematics provides telecommunication services at and around the airport. Utilities generates 
revenue from the transmission of electricity and gas and from the supply of water.
Strategy 
Schiphol Nederland contributes to the ambition and strategy of Royal Schiphol Group. For more 
information, see “Description of RSG – Ambition and Strategy – Connect your World”. 
Recent Developments and Key Issues 
COVID-19 
The outbreak and continuing spread of COVID-19 worldwide, has resulted in an unprecented 
curtailment of global travel and business activities. As part of continuing global efforts to contain the 
spread of COVID-19, the EU, its member states, the US and many other countries have imposed travel 
restrictions or bans to and from affected areas. Airlines, including Air France – KLM, have substantially 
reduced or in some cases even suspended all  flight capacity levels. These measures have resulted in a 
significant reduction of worldwide air travel since the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak in early 2020. 
The COVID-19 outbreak will continue to have a major impact on the international, European and Dutch 
aviation industry.  
The outlook for the coming years is very uncertain and depends on the development of the 
COVID-19 virus, the effectiveness of vaccines in lowering the COVID-19 infection rate, the effectiveness 
and speed of vaccine roll-outs around the world, international coordination of travel measures, the timing 
and development of economic recovery and the short and long term effects of COVID-19 on travel 
behaviour. It is therefore difficult to predict the exact scale of the impact from the outbreak on RSG's 
business, operational result, prospects as well as financial position over the next months and years.  
Before the COVID-19 outbreak, Schiphol Nederland was expecting a limited growth in passenger 
numbers. To mitigate the impact of the traffic decline and corresponding revenue losses, Schiphol 
Nederland has reduced its operational expenses, focused on financial and operational optimization, 
reduced capital expenditures and non-payment of dividends and management bonuses.  
Investment programme 
In 2019, the number of air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol was 
approximately 496,826 carrying 71.7 million passengers. Schiphol Nederland must safeguard the capacity 
and quality of its main airport Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the short and long term in order to facilitate 
future growth and continue to serve airlines with optimal efficiency in the next ten to fifteen years. Prior to 
the COVID-19 outbreak rising air traffic, pressure on operating capacity was increasing as a result of rising 
air traffic. If Schiphol Nederland fails to prepare for a return to pre-COVID-19 passenger and air transport 
levels, the quality and attractiveness of the fourth largest airport (in 2020) in Europe in terms of passengers, 
may come under pressure, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and therefore also the Netherlands may lose 
valuable network connections.  
To address this, Schiphol Nederland is undertaking a series of investments to support its long and 
short term capacity needs. However due to the strict financial constraints now facing Royal Schiphol Group 
as a result of COVID-19, a continuous reassessment of planned investments has been implemented to 
prioritise and minimise capital expenditures. The company is prioritising safety and hygiene measures and 
continues to invest in compliance, maintenance, safety, sustainability, quality of service and innovation. 
Therefore, work on some infrastructure projects continued throughout 2020. Further progress was made 
with the development of a new pier at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Expansion of landside roads and 
utilities continued as did the redevelopment of Terminal 1 and the doubling of taxiway Quebec. However 
the development of a new terminal has been postponed due to COVID-19. 
The investment programmes present Schiphol Nederland with multiple challenges, not only 
operationally and financially (as set out in the risk factors "The successful implementation of Royal

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Schiphol Group’s capital investment programme is dependent on a number of factors" and “Royal Schiphol 
Group is exposed to (re-)financing risk"), but also with respect to the safety of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, which may come under pressure as a result of its expansion. In April 2017, the Dutch Safety 
Board (Onderzoeksraad voor Veiligheid) presented a report in this respect, concluding that further growth 
of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will require more than marginal adjustments to its existing safety policy. 
Air transport movements cap at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
In January 2015, Schiphol Nederland reached an agreement under which Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol will have a cap on growth until 2020, with the maximum traffic volume being 500,000 air 
transport movements a year. Please refer to Regulation, noise management and long term growth for more 
information regarding this agreement as part of the Alders platform.  
In November 2020, the Minister of Infrastructure and Water Management presented a its Civil 
Aviation Policy Memorandum 2020-2050, which provided further direction on the future growth of 
Schiphol and other Dutch airports. The Civil Aviation Policy Memorandum was finalised in November 
2020. According to this memorandum, Dutch airports may only grow if safety can be guaranteed and noise 
disturbance to the surrounding area and environmental pollution are reduced. Amongst other elements, the 
aviation policy aims to reduce carbon emissions from aviation (reaching 2005 levels by 2030 and reduced 
by 50 per cent. in 2050), stimulate shorthaul international travel by train, reduce the number of night-time 
flights by 20 per cent. as well as increasing the use of sustainable biofuels. Further discussion and decision-
making regarding the memorandum and related topics are expected to be undertaken by the new 
government to be formed following the general elections held on 17 March 2021. 
Lelystad Airport opening delayed 
In April 2014, Schiphol Nederland outlined its plan to develop Lelystad Airport for commercial 
airline operations. This development includes investments in a runway and taxiways, terminal capacity and 
parking facilities to allow Lelystad Airport to eventually facilitate a maximum of 10,000 air transport 
movements per year by 2022 and 45,000 air transport movements per year by 2044 (business case 
scenario). All infrastructure construction work for the airport was completed in 2019. The total amount of 
the investment program is estimated at EUR 100 million, of which EUR 92 million was spent by 2020. 
Once the political decision to open Lelystad Airport has been made, the final EUR 8 million will be 
invested. Schiphol Nederland has submitted its business plan to the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water 
Management as part of the Airport Decree (Luchthaven Besluit) application which was granted and 
published in the Dutch Bulletin of Acts, Orders and Decrees at the end of March 2015.  
Lelystad Airport was due to open for commercial traffic in November 2020 with the intention to 
serve as an overflow airport for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol for non-mainport traffic. However, due to the 
COVID-19 crisis, the Minister of Infrastructure and Water Management announced on 31 March 2020 that 
there is no need to compensate for shortage in capacity at Schiphol in the short-term and therefore decided 
to postpone the opening of Lelystad.  
The opening is now subject to approval by the new parliament (the Dutch general elections were 
held on 17 March 2021). The opening is contingent on the amended Airport Decree and the approval of the 
air traffic distribution rules. A solution regarding the Council of State’s ruling on the Integrated Approach 
to Nitrogen (Commissie-Remkes) is also required. To this end, in November 2020, Lelystad Airport applied 
to for a nature conservation permit under the Nature Conservation Act completing the steps required for 
government approval. In February 2021 the Dutch government published the draft permit. With this, 
Lelystad Airport and the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management (I&W) have finished all formal 
preparatory work needed to fulfil these requirements in time for the proposed opening date.  
The Aviation Act and airport charges 
Revenue from airport charges is generated by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, Eindhoven Airport and 
Rotterdam The Hague Airport. In 2020, revenue from airport charges at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
decreased by 68% to 293 million euros (2019: 908 million euros). This is attributable to the decrease in 
passenger numbers. Pursuant to the Aviation Act, Royal Schiphol Group can settle an income shortfall or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
surplus at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the subsequent 3 years charges period which begins in April 
2022.   
Chipshol litigation and investigation 
In 2003, legal proceedings were initiated against Schiphol Nederland by the owner of the so-called 
Groenenberg site (Chipshol) for alleged losses resulting from the imposition of a ban on real estate 
development of the site. Following many years of litigation Schiphol Nederland reached a full and final 
settlement regarding the Chipshol claim (including the EUR 19 million prepayment made in 2007) by 
acquiring Chipshol III B.V., the entity which holds the claims, in May 2020. The EUR 10 million 
provision which Royal Schiphol Group had carried on its balance sheet relating to this claim was released 
in 2020. 
PFAS soil contamination 
PFAS contamination of the soil was detected during excavations in the context of development 
projects at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Since 2017 local legislation is in place that requires Schiphol to 
clean PFAS-contaminated soil when the contamination causes environmental risks. Legislation at the 
national level was introduced in 2019. Changes to the local legislation in 2019 and 2020 do not affect the 
way in which PFAS contaminated soil is being dealt with at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. A provision of 
EUR 29.1 million has been recognized by Royal Schiphol Group for the decontamination of the land on 
which construction work is expected in the near future. No provision has been made for the potential PFAS 
contamination under existing assets. 
Rijnland PFOS soil contamination 
In July 2008, the Rijnland District Water Control Board (the “Water Board”) collected PFOS 
contaminated extinguishing foam, released during an incident at a KLM hangar at Schiphol-Southeast and 
stored it in reservoirs made available by Schiphol. The Water Board had been granted a permit for this by 
the province of North- Holland. Although the contaminated foam was removed and decontaminated in 
2009, it was later discovered that the soil and groundwater around the reservoirs had also been 
contaminated. As the owner of the land concerned, Schiphol suffered damage as a result of this 
contamination.  
In 2011, the Water Board removed the sludge from the reservoirs to prevent it from causing any 
further contamination. Monitoring confirmed that this was effective. In 2015 it was concluded that a final 
solution for the soil contamination could not yet been realized due to a lack of standardization and 
remediation techniques. KLM, Schiphol and Rijnland took control measures around the reservoirs aimed at 
preventing the further spread of PFOS. The control measures are related to the construction of a bentonite 
wall around the contaminated area. Since the wall is watertight, rain and seepage have to be drained off. 
This required the construction of a filter installation in order to be able to pump, filter and transport the 
water out of the soil into an adjacent ditch. KLM, Schiphol Nederland and Rijnland each financed a third of 
the costs of the control measures taken without any party acknowledging its responsibility for the damage 
incurred. 
The watercourses at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol that were contaminated during the incident in 
2008 have been cleaned within the framework of the regular dredging programme. The additional costs 
incurred on top of the regular dredging programme for the transport and processing of the contaminated 
material have been charged to KLM. Evides, a water decontamination company, is taking measures in 
consultation with the municipality of Haarlemmermeer to deal with the water treatment facilities, soil and 
groundwater that were also contaminated during the incident. Evides, Schiphol Nederland and KLM have 
discussed further action to manage the contamination. Consultations with the competent authorities were 
started at the end of 2013 with the aim to check the plan against laws and regulations. Evides, KLM and 
Schiphol Nederland took measures in 2014/15 to protect the quality of the surface water in the ditch next to 
the waste water purification plant. The province of North-Holland set new guidelines with regard to PFOS 
in 2017, which did not necessitate any adjustments to the existing measures taken at the former basins. The

--- Page 101 ---
101 
new reuse policy that the municipality of Haarlemmermeer drafted in October 2017 does not influence the 
current situation either. KLM, Schiphol Nederland and Rijnland have agreed to postpone discussions on a 
financial settlement until remediation techniques for the cleaning of contaminated soil become available. As 
a result, it is currently not possible to determine a reliable estimate of the expected costs. There are no 
developments that change the liability position of Schiphol Nederland in this case at this point. 
Regulation, noise management and long term growth 
In 2003, the amended Aviation Act came into force and included a system of noise regulation. 
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol were required to remain within the annual allowable noise limit 
as well as within limits established by the regulation at each individual “enforcement point”. The noise 
limits were based on a scenario developed in 2001 for the expected runway usage in the period 2005-2010. 
However, the aviation sector has not developed as foreseen, resulting in breaches of the noise limits at some 
enforcement points whilst there is considerable “unused” noise capacity at other enforcement points. 
In December 2006, the government established a consultative body, formerly called the “Alders 
Platform”, currently “ORS”, under the direction of Hans Alders, former governor of the province of 
Groningen, charged with determining how Amsterdam Airport Schiphol could grow in the short (to 2010) 
and medium (2020) term within the established environmental constraints while reducing noise hindrance. 
The parties taking part in the consultative process included the aviation sector, the government, the 
province, the local municipalities and local residents’ organisations. 
In 2008 Royal Schiphol Group reached agreements with the participants in the Alders Platform on 
measures to limit nuisance, noise related and otherwise, on the development of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol in the medium term and on measures to improve the liveability in the surrounding region. 
One agreement concerned carrying out a trial to assess a new noise enforcement system. In August 
2010, the Alders Platform presented a new system to the Cabinet as part of its recommendations. The 
Cabinet and The House of Representatives (Tweede Kamer der Staten Generaal) adopted this 
recommendation and the trial was subsequently launched on 1 November 2010. The new noise system is 
based around the principle that runways causing the least noise disturbance will be used as often as 
possible. Growth is permitted but maximum allowable noise hindrance is limited and shall be less than or 
equal to that under the current system. The new system was piloted for a period of two years until 31 
October 2012, after which the Alders Platform evaluated the trial results. Following this evaluation, the 
Alders Platform reached agreement on a new system of environmental standards in October 2013. In 
January 2015, Schiphol Nederland reached an agreement under which growth at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol until 2020 would be capped at 500,000 air transport movements per year.  
The implementation of the new system of environmental standards is expected this year and 
includes: 

Provisions permitting a maximum of 500,000 air transport movements per year, including a 
night-flight-limit of 29,000 between 23:00 and 7:00; and 

non-mainport traffic in excess of the above level shall be relocated to regional airports 
(approximately 70,000 air transport movements in total), which is based on the assumption that 
Lelystad Airport will open. 
The allowed maximum of 500,000 air transport movements was reached in the 2017 operating year, 
severely limiting further growth in air transport movements in subsequent years. This has resulted in greater 
probability of airlines not being allocated requested slots, potentially impacting connectivity (as airlines 
may take - and already are taking - action by using larger aircraft or switching to a different airport) and 
will hamper the further development of the network of destinations, as new routes can only be developed if 
existing frequencies are reduced or abandoned.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
In November 2020, The Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management presented its 
Civil Aviation Policy Memorandum 2020-2050 offering its perspective on the development of Aviation in 
the Netherlands. It proposes that further development of air traffic movements at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol subject to a reduction in noise disturbance and a reduction in emissions. The memorandum also 
confirms the Ministry’s ambition of opening Lelystad Airport. Further discussion and decision-making 
regarding the memorandum and related topics will be undertaken by the new government following the 
Dutch general elections on 17 March 2021. 
Royal Schiphol Group believes that safety, noise management, CO2 emission and air quality are the 
key factors in providing capacity increases at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
uses a range of measures to manage noise, emissions and air quality effectively, including higher tariffs for 
noisier (and more polluting) aircraft and for night-time take-offs and landings, incentives such as tariff 
discounts for the utilisation of less noisy aircraft, regular consultation with air traffic control to ensure 
optimal runway configuration (which affects the distribution of noise at various enforcement points at and 
around the airport) and approach and landing procedures and physical planning at the airport site. 
Financing 
In 2020, the total amount of consolidated outstanding loans and lease liabilities of Royal Schiphol 
Group increased by EUR 2,081 million from EUR 2,785 million to EUR 4,866 million. 
The increase was mainly the result of 1,950 million euros in (green) bonds issued as part of this 
Programme during April and September 2020 to secure sufficient access to liquidity for investments and 
manage the impact of COVID-19 on Schiphol's financial performance. As per 31 December 2020, EUR 
3,870 million in debt has been issued under this Programme. 
In addition, Schiphol Group has a Euro Commercial Paper (ECP) programme with a current limit 
of 1 billion euros. Schiphol Group also has a number of committed undrawn facilities exceeding 1 billion 
euros with BNP Paribas, ABN AMRO, ING, Natwest Markets, BNG, EIB, SMBC and Rabobank. Of these 
facilities a total amount of 400 million euros have been put in place for a short period of time as a response 
to COVID-19 and are expected to mature in 2021. RSG’s financing position provides Schiphol with 
significant access to liquidity in order to cope with the negative impact of COVID-19 on the business as a 
whole. 
Slot co-ordination 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has been fully slot-co-ordinated since 1998. Based on the number of 
air transport movements, determined in the capacity declaration, Royal Schiphol Group indicates to the slot 
co-ordinator the number of slots to be allocated to the airlines. Slot co-ordination is a neutral, transparent 
and non-discriminatory system for allocating the right to land or depart at a specified date and time in line 
with EU Regulation 95/93, as amended, and the Worldwide Airport Slot Guidelines. It therefore creates a 
mechanism to, among others, allocate the available noise allowance within the established noise zones. The 
slot co-ordinator, Airport Coordination Netherlands (ACNL) is an independent organisation that allocates 
the slots in conformity with the coordination parameters determined in the capacity declaration. 
Capacity Declaration 
The capacity declaration, which is issued for each upcoming winter and summer season, specifies 
the capacity limits that the independent slot coordinator, Airport Coordination Netherlands (ACNL), 
observes when allocating slots to the airlines. The current capacity limits are based on legal environmental 
limits, the hourly capacity of the runway system as established by Air Traffic Control the Netherlands 
(LVNL), and the number of positions for so-called ‘wide body’ aircraft.  
In a further development, the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management revised the Dutch 
Slot Allocation Decree. One important alteration to the Decree awards the airport operator ultimate 
responsibility for determining Schiphol's capacity declaration instead of the various aviation sector parties.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Consultation with the airlines takes place through the Coordination Committee Netherlands (CCN), which 
advises on, among other points, bottlenecks, slots and capacity issues. This revision is expected to be 
implemented in the forthcoming capacity declarations for the 2021 summer season. 
Security 
Security has become an increasingly important aspect of the airport business. Regulation governing 
airport security has evolved rapidly over the past decade on all levels: internationally, within the EU, and in 
the Netherlands. 
Since 2004, RSG and Schiphol Nederland as airport operators have been charged by the Ministry of 
Justice to carry out preventative security duties at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and the other Dutch Royal 
Schiphol Group airports. This includes the screening of passengers, cabin baggage, hold baggage, personnel 
and the goods they carry, additional measures for high risk flights, internal company security, access 
control to all secure areas, and perimeter control. In addition, Royal Schiphol Group must accommodate 
and provide facilities (supply of space, passes, security facilities, etc.) to the Dutch Government in its 
security-related activities (airport police, customs and immigration) at Royal Schiphol Group airports. 
The costs associated with the Royal Schiphol Group’s security duties are passed on to users via a 
security services charge per passenger. These costs fall under the economic regulatory framework. See 
“Evaluation of the Aviation Act and airport charges” above. 
The Ministry of Justice has ultimate responsibility for regulating security requirements at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and has the power to impose security measures. 
The risk pertaining to the involvement of RSG and Schiphol Nederland, as the designated airport 
operators of the Royal Schiphol Group airports, in these activities is the exposure to potential civil liability 
claims which may result in liability of RSG and Schiphol Nederland. Royal Schiphol Group takes out 
insurance against these risks. In addition, the Dutch Government will indemnify RSG and Schiphol 
Nederland for third party liabilities due to acts of terrorism in respect of aviation security tasks in the 
Netherlands for damages which exceed the amount which can reasonably be insured in normal insurance 
markets. 
Environment 
Royal Schiphol Group reports, as part of RSG’s Annual Report, its non-financial performance and 
disclosures, in particular in the area of Corporate Responsibility. The bulk of Royal Schiphol Group’s 
Corporate Responsibility reporting relates to policies implemented by, and the activities of Schiphol 
Nederland and is externally reviewed (Global Reporting Initiative and complies with option core). It 
contains Corporate Responsibility disclosures including performance measurements and environmental and 
community policy decisions and activities, for such issues as noise, air quality, soil, water, energy and 
waste. 
Royal Schiphol Group has implemented an environmental management system at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol. 
403 Declaration and RSG Guarantee 
As part of the De-merger a so-called 403 Declaration was filed by RSG with the trade register 
pursuant to Section 2:403 of the DCC (“Section 403”) in respect of Schiphol Nederland. In general, 
Section 403 provides an exemption from the requirement on Dutch subsidiary companies to prepare 
full and complete published audited annual accounts. In order to qualify for this exemption, the following 
requirements, inter alia, had to be fulfilled: (a) the financial information of Schiphol Nederland had to be 
consolidated into the audited and published accounts of RSG; (b) RSG had to issue a declaration in 
accordance with Section 403 (“403 Declaration”) in writing that it assumes joint and several liability 
for the obligations of Schiphol Nederland, which resulted from legal acts performed by Schiphol 
Nederland; and (c) the 403 Declaration had to be filed with the trade register together with the audited

--- Page 104 ---
104 
consolidated financial statements of RSG. The requirements set out in Section 403 have been satisfied and 
therefore it will not be necessary for Schiphol Nederland to prepare any audited or published accounts 
subject to the following paragraph. 
RSG is entitled, in accordance with Section 403, to terminate the joint and several liability 
pursuant to Section 403 by filing a declaration to this effect with the trade register. Upon such 
document being filed, RSG will not be jointly and severally liable for any liabilities resulting from legal acts 
entered into by Schiphol Nederland after the date of such filing and Schiphol Nederland will then be 
obliged to prepare and make public audited annual accounts. As for the liabilities resulting from legal acts 
entered into by Schiphol Nederland before the date of such filing, RSG will remain jointly and severally 
liable until (i) Schiphol Nederland no longer forms part of Royal Schiphol Group, (ii) a notice of the 
intention to terminate has been available for inspection with the trade register for two months, (iii) two 
months have passed since an announcement has been published in a national newspaper stating that 
the notice referred to in (ii) above is available for inspection at the trade register, and (iv) no creditor has 
filed an opposition within the permitted time, or where such opposition has been filed, it has been 
withdrawn or declared unfounded by final court judgment. 
Notwithstanding a termination of the 403 Declaration as described above, in respect of the Notes 
issued by it under the Programme, Schiphol Nederland will continue to have the benefit of an unconditional 
and irrevocable guarantee from RSG under the RSG Guarantee.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF RSG
The following financial information has been extracted without material adjustment from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (“RSG”) for each of the years 
ending 31 December2020 and 31 December 2019, set out in the financial statements of RSG for 2020 as 
filed with the Chamber of Commerce. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of RSG have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND 31 DECEMBER 2019 
(in thousands of euros) 
2020 
2019 
Revenue 
688,276 
1,614,674
Other results from investment property 
-64,459 
112,858
Cost of outsourced work and other external costs 
629,722 
802,126 
Employee benefits 
200,303 
242,466 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
324,208 
293,664 
Other operating expenses 
- 
-5,828 
Total operating expenses 
1,154,233 
1,332,427
Operating result 
-530,416 
395,105
Financial income 
7,397 
10,523 
Financial expenses 
-99,495 
-94,844 
Financial income and expenses 
-92,098 
-84,321
Share in results of associates and joint ventures 
-107,247 
127,192 
Result before tax 
-729,761 
437,976 
Income tax expense 
162,016 
-75,913 
Result for the year 
-567,745 
362,062 
Attributable to: 
Non-controlling interests 
-5,115 
6,952
Shareholders (net result)11
-562,630 
355,110 
Earnings per share (in euros) 
-3,023 
1,908 
11 Royal Schiphol Group put a proposal to its shareholders (the Dutch State, Municipality of Amsterdam, Municipality of Rotterdam and Aeroports 
de Paris (AdP)) to refrain from effecting payment of the dividend for 2019 (151 million euros). The shareholders agreed to this proposal in the 
shareholders’ meeting on Tuesday 14 April 2020. No dividend will be paid out for the 2019 and 2020 financial years.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
AND 31 DECEMBER 2019 
(in thousands of euros) 
2020 
 
2019 
Cash flow from operating activities 
Cash flow from operations 
-144,687 
 
560,423 
Paid income tax, interest and dividends received 
-12,464 
 
-37,903 
Cash flow from operating activities 
-157,151 
522,520
Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,292,192 
-781,610
Free cash flow 
-1,449,343 
-259,091
Cash flow from financing activities 
2,047,703 
27,495
Net cash flow 
598,360 
-231,596
Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents 
155,072 
386,556 
Net cash flow 
598,360 
 
-231,596 
Exchange and translation differences 
-17 
 
112 
Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents 
753,449 
155,072

--- Page 107 ---
107 
FACTS AND FIGURES OF AMSTERDAM AIRPORT SCHIPHOL 
Introduction 
The current site of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has functioned as an airport since 1916. In 2020, 
20.9 million passengers used Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, there were approximately 227,304 air transport 
movements and 1.44 million tonnes of cargo were transported through the airport. Within Europe, 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is the largest airport in terms of air transport movements, the fourth largest 
airport based on the number of passengers and the third largest in terms of volume in freight operations (in 
2020). 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is situated in the heart of the Dutch “Randstad” (i.e. an area 
including Amsterdam, The Hague, Utrecht, and Rotterdam that has approximately five million residents). 
RSG, as airport operator, estimates that the catchment area (defined as the area within a two hour drive of 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol) of the airport covers approximately 35 million people in the Netherlands, 
Germany and Belgium. 
Trains stop directly under the terminal in the country’s fifth largest train station in terms of the 
number of passengers, with direct service to major domestic cities as well as several international 
destinations. The airport is also positioned at the crossroads of major North-South and East-West 
motorways. By train or car, the airport is approximately 15 minutes from Amsterdam and 45 minutes from 
Rotterdam. 
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol grounds: 
2,877 hectares12
Runway system 
Five main runways each of at least 3,300 metres providing an estimated runway capacity of 
600,000 take-offs and landings per year (subject to environmental constraints). 
Aircraft stands:13
Number of Parking spaces for 
cars:14
Passenger Stands................................. 
Buffer Stands ........................ 
Cargo Stands............................ 
Schiphol Oost ...................................... 
140
56
17
32 
Passengers/visitors .............................. 
Employees working at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol ..................................
27,897
12,217
Total..................................................... 
245 
Total ....................................................
40,114
Transport movements (Number of takeoffs and landings)
2020.....................................................
227,304
2010.....................................................
386,316
2019.....................................................
496,826
2009.....................................................
391,264
2018.....................................................
499,444
2008......................................................
428,332
2017.....................................................
496,748
2007......................................................
435,973
2016.....................................................
478.864
2006......................................................
423,122
2015.....................................................
450,679
2005......................................................
404,594
2014.....................................................
438,296
2004......................................................
402,738
2013.....................................................
425,565
2003......................................................
392,997
2012.....................................................
423,407
2002......................................................
401,385
12 Including 90 hectares of land acquired from development company Chipshol in May 2020 (2019: 2,787 hectares). 
13 For more information regarding Schiphol’s aircraft stands please refer to: Schiphol | Aircraft stand allocation. 
14 This excludes building related parking spaces (the Base, Outlook, etc.).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
2011.....................................................
420,249
2001…………………………………..
416,462
Number of passenger movements  
(including transit-direct passengers)
2020 .....................................................
20,884,044
2019 .....................................................
71,706,999
2018 .....................................................
71,053,157
2017 .....................................................
68,515,425
2016 .....................................................
63,625,534
2015 .....................................................
58,284,864
2014 .....................................................
54,978,023
2013 .....................................................
52,527,699
2012 .....................................................
51,035,590
2011 .....................................................
49,755,252
2010 .....................................................
45,211,749
2009 .....................................................
43,570,370
2008 .....................................................
47,430,019
2007 .....................................................
47,794,994
2006 .....................................................
46,066,050
2005 .....................................................
44,163,098
2004 .....................................................
45,541,180
2003 .....................................................
39,960,400
2002 .....................................................
40,736,009
2001 .....................................................
39,531,123
Number of passenger movements (in millions) at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in 2020 divided per 
region (compared to 2019) 
Region 
2020 
2019 
% 
Europe ……………………………….. 
15.12 
50.54 
-70.1% 
North America ..................................... 
1.70 
7.62 
-77.6% 
Central & South America ..................... 
1.31 
3.40 
-61.4% 
Africa..................................................... 
0.88 
2.87 
-69.4% 
Middle East........................................... 
0.72 
2.57
-72.1% 
Far East................................................. 
1.15 
4.70 
-75.5% 
Total....................................................... 
20.9
71.7
-70.9% 
Cargo (Tonnes) 
2020…………………………………….
1,441,521
2019…………………………………….
1,570,261
2018…………………………………….
1,716,982
2017…………………………………….
1,752,498
2016…………………………………….
1,662,282
2015 ……………………………………
1,620,970
2014 …………………………………… 
1,633,195
2013…………………………………….
1,531,089
2012 .........................................................
1,483,448
2011 .........................................................
1,523,806
2010 .........................................................
1,512,256
2009 .........................................................
1,286,372

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Ranking ten largest European airports (Air transport movements) (x1000) 
2020 
2019
% change 
1
Amsterdam.......................................................................
227.3
496.8
-54%  
2 
Paris CDG…………....................................................... 
212.3 
498.2 
-57%
3
Frankfurt….....................................................................
204.0
502.6
-59%
4 
London Heathrow.......................................................... 
200.8 
476.1 
-58%
5 
Istanbul Airports (ISL+IST)........................................... 
200.7
447.5
-55%
6 
Moscow Sheremetyevo.................................................. 
181.1 
379.1 
-52%
7 
Madrid Barajas................................................................ 
153.7 
409.3 
-62%
8 
Domodedovo Moscow Airport....................................... 
137.5 
207.1 
-34%
9 
Munich…........................................................................ 
130.6 
396.0 
-67%
10
Oslo…………….............................................................
117.1
244.4
-52%
Passenger movements (excluding transit direct passengers counted once) (x1000) 
2020
2019
% change
1
Istanbul Airports (ISL+IST)….......................................
23,324
68,627
-66%
2 
Paris CDG……….. ....................................................... 
22,253 
76,136 
-71%
3
London Heathrow...........................................................
22,110
80,957
-73%
4 
Amsterdam...................................................................... 
20,885 
71,680 
-71%
5 
Moscow Sheremetyevo................................................... 
19,774 
49,892 
-60%
6 
Frankfurt.......................................................................... 
18,743 
70,457 
-73%
7 
Madrid Barajas................................................................ 
17,057 
61,634 
-72%
8
Domodedovo Moscow Airport........................................
16,389
28,252
-42%
9
Barcelona.........................................................................
12,699
52,637
-76%
10 
Munich…………............................................................. 
11,101 
47,906 
-77%
Cargo volume (Tonnes) 
2020
2019
% change
1
Frankfurt......................................................................
1,857
2,005
-7%
2 
Paris CDG………. ...................................................... 
1,618 
1,933 
-16%
3
Amsterdam…………………………………………..
1,442
1,570
-8%
4 
Leipzig ........................................................................ 
1,378 
1,228 
12%
5 
Istanbul Airports......................................................... 
1,315 
1,330 
-1%
6
London Heathrow........................................................
1,141
1,591
-28%
7 
Liège ........................................................................... 
1,114 
902 
23%
8
Luxembourg ...............................................................
906 
853
6%   
9 
Cologne/Bonn.............................................................. 
842 
799 
5%
10 
Malpensa Airport.......................................................... 
511 
545 
-6%
Financial results for Royal Schiphol Group (in millions of €)
Year
Net Profit
Turnover
2020
-563
688
2019
355
1,615
2018
279
1,509

--- Page 110 ---
110 
2017
280
1,458
2016
306
1,435
2015
374
1,423
2014
272
1,438
2013
227
1,364
2012
198
1,353
2011
195
1,278
2010
169
1,180
2009
133
1,154

--- Page 111 ---
111 
TAXATION
DUTCH TAXATION  
This summary solely addresses the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued on or after the date of this Prospectus and does not purport to 
describe every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder. Tax matters are complex, and 
the tax consequences of the offering to a particular holder of Notes will depend in part on such holder’s 
circumstances. Accordingly, a holder is urged to consult his own tax adviser for a full understanding of the 
tax consequences of the offering to him, including the applicability and effect of Dutch tax laws. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the 
equivalent Dutch concepts under Dutch tax law. Where in this summary the terms “the Netherlands” and 
“Dutch” are used, these refer solely to the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
This summary is based on the tax law of the Netherlands (unpublished case law not included) 
as it stands at the date of this Prospectus. The tax law upon which this summary is based, is subject to 
changes, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such change may invalidate the contents of this summary, 
which will not be updated to reflect such change.  
The summary in this Dutch taxation paragraph does not address the Dutch tax consequences for 
a holder of Notes who: 
(i)
is a person who may be deemed an owner of Notes for Dutch tax purposes pursuant to 
specific statutory attribution rules in Dutch tax law; 
(ii)
is, although in principle subject to Dutch corporation tax, in whole or in part, specifically 
exempt from that tax in connection with income from Notes; 
(iii)
is an investment institution as defined in the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969; 
(iv)
is an entity that, although in principle subject to Dutch corporation tax, is fully or partly 
exempt from Dutch corporation tax; 
(v)
owns Notes in connection with a membership of a management board or a supervisory 
board, an employment relationship, a deemed employment relationship or management 
role; 
(vi)
has a substantial interest in the relevant Issuer or a deemed substantial interest in the 
relevant Issuer for Dutch tax purposes. Generally, a person holds a substantial interest if 
(a) such person – either alone or, in the case of an individual, together with his partner or 
any of his relatives by blood or by marriage in the direct line (including foster-children) 
or of those of his partner for Dutch tax purposes – owns or is deemed to own, directly or 
indirectly, 5% or more of the shares or of any class of shares of such Issuer, or rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such an interest in the shares of such Issuer or profit 
participating certificates relating to 5% or more of the annual profits or to 5% or more of 
the liquidation proceeds of such Issuer, or (b) such person's shares, rights to acquire 
shares or profit participating certificates in such Issuer are held by him following the 
application of a non-recognition provision; or 
(vii)
is for Dutch tax purposes taxable as a corporate entity and a resident or deemed to be 
resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten. 
Withholding tax 
All payments under Notes, including any payments under the Guarantees, may be made free

--- Page 112 ---
112 
from withholding or deduction of or for any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the Netherlands, except (i) 
where Notes are issued under such terms and conditions that such Notes are capable of being 
classified as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch tax purposes or actually function as equity of the 
relevant Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, letter d, of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 
1969 and where Notes are issued that are redeemable in exchange for, convertible into or linked to shares 
or other equity instruments issued or to be issued by either one or both of the Issuers or by any entity 
related to either one or both of the Issuers and (ii) that Dutch withholding tax may apply with respect to 
payments of interest made or deemed to be made by the relevant Issuer if the interest payments are made or 
deemed to be made to a related party, which (a) is resident in a low-tax or non-cooperative jurisdiction as 
specifically listed in an annually updated Dutch regulation, (b) has a permanent establishment in any such 
jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, (c) is neither resident in the Netherlands nor in a low-tax or 
non-cooperative jurisdiction, and is entitled to the interest with the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid withholding tax of another person, (d) is a hybrid entity, or (e) is not resident in any 
jurisdiction, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Individuals 
If a holder of Notes is an individual who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for purposes of Dutch income tax he will not be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of any 
benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Notes, except if  
(i)
he derives profits from an enterprise, whether as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-
entitlement to the net value of such enterprise, other than as a shareholder, and such 
enterprise is carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in the Netherlands, and his Notes are attributable to such 
permanent establishment or permanent representative;  
(ii)
he derives benefits or is deemed to derive benefits from or in connection with Notes that 
are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities performed in the Netherlands; or 
(iii)
he derives profits pursuant to the entitlement to a share in the profits of an enterprise, 
other than as a holder of securities, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and 
to which his Notes are attributable. 
Corporate entities 
If a holder of Notes is a corporate entity, or an entity, including an association, a partnership and 
a mutual fund, taxable as a corporate entity, which is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for purposes of Dutch corporation tax, it will not be subject to Dutch corporation tax in respect 
of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Notes, except if  
(i)
it derives profits from an enterprise directly, which is carried on, in whole or in part, 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, and 
to which permanent establishment or permanent representative its Notes are attributable; 
or 
(ii)
it derives profits pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of an enterprise which is 
managed in the Netherlands, other than as a holder of securities and to which enterprise 
its Notes are attributable. 
General

--- Page 113 ---
113 
A holder of Notes will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by 
reason only of the execution and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the 
performance by the relevant Issuer of its obligations under such documents or under Notes.  
If a holder of Notes is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such holder 
will for Dutch tax purposes not carry on or be deemed to carry on an enterprise, in whole or in part, through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution 
and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the performance by the relevant 
Issuer of its obligations under such documents or under Notes. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
No Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax will arise with respect to an acquisition or deemed 
acquisition of Notes by way of gift by, or upon the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax except if, 
in the event of a gift whilst not being a resident nor being a deemed resident in the Netherlands for purposes 
of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, the holder of Notes becomes a resident or a deemed resident in 
the Netherlands and dies within 180 days after the date of the gift. 
For purposes of Dutch gift tax and Dutch inheritance tax, a gift of Notes made under a 
condition precedent is deemed to be made at the time the condition precedent is satisfied. 
Registration taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty, other than court fees, is payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the 
execution and/or enforcement (including by legal proceedings and including the enforcement of any foreign 
judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the issue of Notes, the 
performance by the relevant Issuer and/or relevant Guarantor of its obligations under such documents or 
under Notes, or the transfer of Notes, except that Dutch real property transfer tax may be due upon an 
acquisition in connection with Notes of real property situated in the Netherlands, (an interest in) an asset 
that qualifies as real property situated in the Netherlands or (an interest in) a right over real property 
situated in the Netherlands, for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax or, where Notes are issued 
under such terms and conditions that they represent (an interest in) an asset that qualifies as real 
property situated in the Netherlands, for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax. 
FATCA WITHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The relevant 
Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under

--- Page 114 ---
114 
“Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (the “Programme 
Agreement”) dated 13 April 2021 agreed with the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
“Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers 
have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any future update 
of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to

--- Page 116 ---
116 
any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive 
form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam with due 
observance of the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) 
and its implementing regulations. No such mediation is required in respect of (a) the transfer and 
acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) the initial issue of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) the transfer and acceptance of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, 
or (d) the issue and trading of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in 
global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the 
Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event that the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, 
and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional borrowers 
and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 11 
March 1987, (Staatsblad 129) (as amended), each transfer and acceptance should be recorded in a 
transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the transaction, the nature of the 
transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. For purposes of this paragraph “Zero Coupon 
Notes” means Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant 
Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due 
whatsoever. 
Singapore 
For Notes which are classified in Singapore as units (“CIS Notes”) in “collective investment 
schemes” (“CIS”): 
The offer or invitation of the CIS Notes, which is the subject of this Prospectus, does not relate to 
a collective investment scheme which is authorised under Section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act, 
Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) or recognised under Section 287 of the SFA. The CIS is not 
authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and the CIS Notes are not 
allowed to be offered to the retail public. This Prospectus and any other document or material issued in 
connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability 
under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should consider carefully 
whether the investment is suitable for you. This Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
MAS. Accordingly, this Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of CIS Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may CIS 
Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1), or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where CIS Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the CIS Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the 
SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 305A(3)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4) 
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 36 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Collective 
Investment Schemes) Regulation 2005 of Singapore. 
For Notes which are classified in Singapore as “debentures”: 
This Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, this Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may Notes 
be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA.; or
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulation 2018 of Singapore. 
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the relevant Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 
2018 (the “FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland; (ii) neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to any Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA 
or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of the 
FinSA; and (iii) neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, 
as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer for any such offer;  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(i)
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with 
the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor; and 
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to (i) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion 
de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or (iii) a 
limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance 
with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1of the French Code monétaire et financier. This Prospectus has 
not been and will not be submitted to, nor approved by, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and none of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
None of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the 
Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in the interpretation thereof.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and updates of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Directie (Management Board) of RSG dated 2 6  March 1999, 14 June 2000, 22 June 2001, 7 
March 2002, 26 March 2003, 15 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 17 April 2007, 17 April 2008, 14 April 
2009, 11 May 2010, 10 May 2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May 2013, 13 May 2014, 12 May 2015, 26 April 
2016, 19 April 2017, 17 April 2018, 29 April 2019, 8 May 2020 and13 April 2021 respectively, and by 
resolutions of the Raad van Commissarissen (Supervisory Board) of RSG dated 9 April 1999, 9 June 
2000, 22 June 2001, 28 February 2002, 26 March 2003, 14 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 17 April 
2007, 17 April 2008, 16 April 2009, 14 May 2010, 11 May 2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May  2013, 20 
December 2013 (as confirmed in the extract of 1 3  May 2014), 19 December  2014 (as confirmed in 
the extract of 12 May 2015), 18 December 2015 (as confirmed in the extract of 26 April 2016), 21 
December 2016 (as confirmed in the extract of 19 April 2017), 15 December 2017 (as confirmed in the 
extract of 17 April 2018), 14 December 2018 (as confirmed in the extract of 29 April 2019), 31 March 2020 
(as confirmed in the extract of 8 May 2020) and 13 April 2021 (as confirmed in the extract of 13 April 
2021) respectively. The accession to the Programme and the update of the Programme has been duly 
authorised by Schiphol Nederland by resolutions of the Board of Management dated 7 March 2002, 26 
March 2003, 15 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 17 April 2007, 17 April 2008, 14 April 2009, 11 May 
2010, 10 May 2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May 2013, 13 May 2014, 12 May 2015, 26 April 2016, 19 April 
2017, 17 April 2018, 29 April 2019 and 8 May 2020 respectively. 
Approval Prospectus AFM 
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers which are the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Amsterdam 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes issued under the Programme up to 
the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to trading and listed on 
Euronext Amsterdam. 
Responsibility Statement 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and to the best of their knowledge of each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, if and when published, be available, free of charge, (i) at the website of the Issuers 
(https://www.schiphol.nl) (except for the documents listed under (iv) and (vii)) and (ii) at the registered 
office of each of the Issuers and at the offices of each of the Paying Agents as specified below: 
(i)
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of RSG and the 
constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Schiphol Nederland 
(which can be obtained from: https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/corporate-
governance/); 
(ii)
the audited financial statements, which include both consolidated financial statements 
and company financial statements of RSG, in respect of the financial year ended 31

--- Page 123 ---
123 
December 2019 (with an English translation thereof) (which can be obtained from: 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/annual-reports/); 
(iii)
the most recently published audited financial statements, which include both 
consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of RSG with an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
(which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/annual-reports/); 
(iv)
the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v)
each set of Final Terms in respect of Notes which are listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated 
market 
in 
the 
EEA 
(which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/emtn-programme/); 
(vi)
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus (which can be 
obtained from: https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/emtn-programme/); and 
(vii)
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) 
a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) on a regulated market a specified or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) have access within the UK, nor (i) offered in the EEA or (ii) in the 
UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of 
the FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference. 
Requests for copies of the documents listed above should be made to: 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 601 2570 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
Email: Treasury@schiphol.nl 
1118 CP Schiphol 
Attention: Treasury & Risk Management 
The Netherlands 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 601 2570 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
Email: Treasury@schiphol.nl 
1118 CP Schiphol 
Attention: Treasury & Risk Management 
The Netherlands 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Tel: +44 20 7545 8000 
Winchester House 
Fax: +44 20 7547 6149 
1 Great Winchester Street 
Attention: Trust & Securities Services 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 628 0708 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
Fax: +31 20 628 8481 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
Attention: Corporate Actions 
The Netherlands

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of 
RSG or Royal Schiphol Group taken as a whole since 31 December 2020, and there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of RSG or Royal Schiphol Group taken as a whole since 31 December 
2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of 
Schiphol Nederland and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Schiphol Nederland 
since 31 December 2020. 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed under “Legal Proceedings”, there have not been any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which RSG or 
Schiphol Nederland is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of RSG, Schiphol 
Nederland or RSG’s other Subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
The auditor of RSG is KPMG Accountants N.V., who has audited, in accordance with auditing 
standards generally accepted in the Netherlands, and rendered an unqualified auditor’s report on, RSG’s 
financial statements for each of the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, 
respectively. The partner of KPMG Accountants N.V. who signed the aforementioned auditor’s reports is a 
member of the Royal Dutch Institute of Registered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
On 10 February 2014 KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders as RSG’s auditor with effect from the 2014 financial year based on the nomination of the 
Supervisory Board. This nomination followed a competitive tender process that RSG conducted in line with 
its views on good corporate governance and the Dutch corporate governance code. 
Ratings 
The Issuers have been rated A1 (negative outlook) by Moody’s and A (outlook negative) by S&P. The 
Programme has been rated (P)A1 (Senior Unsecured) by Moody’s and A by S&P. 
An 'A' rating by Moody’s means obligations considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit 
risk. (Source: https://www.moodys.com/sites/products/productattachments/ap075378_1_1408_ki.pdf).  
An 'A' rating by S&P means strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to 
economic 
conditions 
and 
changes 
in 
circumstances 
(Source: 
https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/understandingratings).

--- Page 125 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V.
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202  
1118 CP Schiphol 
The Netherlands 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V.
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
1118 CP Schiphol 
The Netherlands 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENTS 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands
LEGAL ADVISERS
To RSG and Schiphol Nederland as to Dutch law 
(except tax law) 
To RSG and Schiphol Nederland as to Dutch tax 
law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP
Strawinskylaan 4129 
1077 ZX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Loyens & Loeff N.V. 
Forum 
Fred. Roeskestraat 100 
1076 ED Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
To the Dealers as to Dutch law  
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 126 ---
AUDITORS 
of Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Main Tower, 18th Floor, Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 127 ---
L_LIVE_EMEA2:20999235