--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS DATED 4 MAY 2023 
 
ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V. 
(INCORPORATED WITH LIMITED LIABILITY IN THE NETHERLANDS UNDER THE NAME ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V. WITH CORPORATE SEAT 
AT SCHIPHOL, MUNICIPALITY OF HAARLEMMERMEER, THE NETHERLANDS) 
AS AN ISSUER AND AS A GUARANTOR 
SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V. 
(INCORPORATED WITH LIMITED LIABILITY IN THE NETHERLANDS UNDER THE NAME SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V. 
WITH CORPORATE SEAT AT SCHIPHOL, MUNICIPALITY OF HAARLEMMERMEER, THE NETHERLANDS) AS AN ISSUER AND AS A GUARANTOR 
 
€5,000,000,000 
 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
On 20 May 1999, Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (“RSG”) entered into a €500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (as supplemented and 
amended, the “Programme”). On 28 December 2001 Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland”) was substituted in place of RSG in respect of the 
outstanding Notes issued under the Programme and RSG became a guarantor in respect of such Notes. As from 8 March 2002, each of Schiphol Nederland 
and RSG (together the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) became an issuer under the Programme. This Prospectus supersedes the prospectus dated 29 April 
2022. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. 
This Prospectus does not affect any Notes already issued or any Notes issued after the date hereof and forming a single Series (as defined below) with Notes 
issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under the Programme, each of the Issuers may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Each Issuer may further, at the time of issue, designate the Notes to be issued as “Green Bonds” in 
accordance with the Green Finance Framework of RSG as set out in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” of this Prospectus. 
The payment of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by RSG will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Schiphol 
Nederland (in its capacity as guarantor, a “Guarantor”) and the payment of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by Schiphol Nederland will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by RSG (in its capacity as guarantor, a “Guarantor”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (the “AFM”), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers which are 
the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made for the admission to listing on Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”) for Notes issued under the Programme 
up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus. References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading and have been listed on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, as amended “MiFID II”). Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam, 
will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or market(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, provided that, in case of a listing on a regulated market, a prospectus 
supplement or individual (drawdown or base) prospectus is published. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or (ii) on a regulated market or a specific 
segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2019 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)) have access within the UK or offered to the 
public in the UK pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Issuers have been rated A2 (stable outlook) by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and A- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”). The Programme has been rated (P)A2 (Senior Unsecured) by Moody’s and A- by S&P. Moody’s and S&P are established in the European 
Union (the “EU”) and are both registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Further 
information relating to the registration of rating agencies under the CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority. The ratings of each of Moody’s and S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited respectively, 
each of which is established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by either of the rating agencies referred to above or by any other rating agency as specified in 
the Final Terms or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any Tranche of Notes may adversely affect the market price of the Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger  
 
ING 
 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATWEST MARKETS  
 
SMBC
RABOBANK

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 6 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................ 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................. 38 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................................... 39 
FORM OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 44 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................ 59 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................... 100 
DESCRIPTION OF RSG .............................................................................................................................. 102 
DESCRIPTION OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND ......................................................................................... 111 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF RSG ...................................................................... 125 
FACTS AND FIGURES OF AMSTERDAM AIRPORT SCHIPHOL ........................................................ 127 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 131 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 135 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 141

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, 
subject as set out herein. A summary of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes appears 
below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, 
attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached 
to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under “Form of the Notes” below. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date and shall expire on 4 May 2024, at the latest, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on Euronext Amsterdam 
and/or any other stock exchange or market in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the 
aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the 
Programme, does not exceed €5,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of 
calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from 
time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form 
of the Notes”) shall be determined, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer, either as of 
the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London, 
in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase 
of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading 
international bank selected by the relevant Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form of the Notes”) and other Notes issued 
at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference 
to the net proceeds received by the relevant Issuer for the relevant issue. 
This Prospectus contains statements which constitute forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding RSG’s or Schiphol Nederland’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of 
management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of RSG or Schiphol Nederland, or industry results, to be materially different 
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding RSG’s or 
Schiphol Nederland’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which RSG or Schiphol 
Nederland will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this 
Prospectus or as of such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. Subject to any 
continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law (including, without limitation, the obligation to 
prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation), RSG and 
Schiphol Nederland expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in RSG’s or Schiphol 
Nederland’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which 
any such statement is based. The reader should, however, take into account any further disclosures of a 
forward-looking nature RSG or Schiphol Nederland may make in future publications. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes

--- Page 5 ---
5 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial, legal and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland believes that the following factors may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of RSG and 
Schiphol Nederland to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by RSG and Schiphol Nederland 
based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order 
in which the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks 
actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative 
impact to the Issuers’ business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuers may face 
a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be 
interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong 
in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out 
in this section. Where a risk factor could belong in more than one category, such risk factor is included in 
the category that is most appropriate for it. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE RELEVANT ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME AND THE RELEVANT 
GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
RELEVANT 
GUARANTEE  
A. Risks related to the business and operations of Royal Schiphol Group 
A decrease in passenger numbers or other factors outside Royal Schiphol Group's control could reduce 
income  
A key factor affecting the financial performance and business prospects of RSG and its subsidiaries 
(the “Royal Schiphol Group”) is the number and type of passengers and aircraft using their airports and the 
level of demand for air travel, which affect the level of income generated by each of Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business areas, which includes aviation as well as non-aviation business areas such as retail income 
and real estate income. Such numbers, type and level of demand vary depending on several factors, many 
of which are beyond Royal Schiphol Group’s control, including domestic and global macroeconomic 
developments (such as the United Kingdom’s exit from the EU, known as “Brexit” – see below), inflation, 
demographic developments, socio-economic developments such as increasing nationalism, protectionism 
(which could lead to international ‘trade wars’), populism, health scares, epidemics or pandemics (such as 
the Corona Virus (or COVID-19) – see below and the section ‘Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent 
Developments and Key Issues – COVID-19) across the globe, global terrorism threat, geopolitical events 
(such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine – see below) as well as the associated sanctions, developments in 
the airline industry (such as the creation of new transfer hubs and more point-to-point flights decreasing the 
importance of transfer hubs), airline bankruptcies, accidents with aircraft, fluctuations in oil prices, taxation 
(including but not limited to aviation taxes) and environmental regulations (resulting in, amongst other things, 
the reduction of air transport movements), increased focus on sustainability, climate change (as climate 
change appears to result in more volatile weather, such as a greater frequency and intensity of storms, this 
could disrupt an airport's operations by reducing handling capacity and ground transport access, and any 
increase in delayed or cancelled flights would increase disruption costs and reduce revenue), decisions by 
airlines as to the size of aircraft used on certain routes and the destinations to be served from Amsterdam

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Airport Schiphol, and competition from other airports and modes of transportation. 
As all air travel to and from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is international, Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business at the airport is influenced by economic developments beyond the Netherlands, and currency 
exchange rates between the euro and other currencies. 
Geopolitical events or developments greatly affect the aviation sector and can be major sources of 
uncertainty and concern. On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, beyond the Donbas region, leading  
the (western) international community to impose further far reaching sanctions, including, but not limited to, 
on Russian sovereign and corporate debt; prohibiting access to SWIFT for certain Russian and Belarus banks; 
sanctioning the Central Bank of Russia; and imposing a trade embargo, including on Russian oil and gas 
exports. As a result of this ongoing conflict, all flights to and from Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine from Royal 
Schiphol Group airports have been suspended. Currently, the European airspace is closed for Russian airlines 
and Russian airspace is closed for European airlines. The immediate impact of the Russian – Ukrainian 
conflict has so far been relatively limited for Royal Schiphol Group, as air traffic to and from these countries 
was already limited. However, the future negative impact on Royal Schiphol Group’s airport is subject to the 
development and scope of the conflict, which are uncertain. Indirect effects could include more expensive 
ticket prices due to flight diversions affecting routes to Asia as a result of the closure of Russian, Belarusian 
and Ukrainian airspace and/or people postponing travel due to higher levels of uncertainty. If the conflict 
spreads beyond the borders of Ukraine into European and/or NATO territory, this could lead to the closing 
of all or parts of the European airspace for commercial traffic, which would have a significant negative impact 
on the European aviation market. This could have a significant negative effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
financial position as 70% of traffic at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and almost all of the traffic at Rotterdam 
The Hague Airport and Eindhoven Airport originated from, or travelled to, other European destinations in 
2022. 
The post-Brexit trade agreement between the UK and the EU which came into force on 31 
December 2020, preserves airline traffic rights between the UK and the EU and no longer allows UK airlines 
to operate from the Netherlands to other non-UK destinations. EU airlines also no longer have rights to 
operate between UK destinations or to fly from the UK to a third non-EU destination. So far, the impact of 
Brexit on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s day-to-day airport operations or on passengers travelling to and 
from the UK has been limited. However, the longer-term impact of Brexit on Royal Schiphol Group will only 
become visible once passenger volumes return to pre-COVID-19 norms.  
Events and developments such as those mentioned above could have a negative effect on the 
development of the number and type of passengers and aircraft using the Royal Schiphol Group airports, 
passenger spending behaviour at the Royal Schiphol Group airports, the attractiveness of aviation and related 
commercial real estate at the airport premises, and Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition.  
Fluctuations in fuel prices poses another risk that could affect the passenger numbers at Royal 
Schiphol Group’s airports. Fuel costs typically represent 20% - 30% of airline’s operating costs. Fuel prices 
fluctuate widely depending on many factors, including international market conditions, geopolitical events 
(such as the Russian – Ukrainian conflict) and exchange rates. If fuel prices increase significantly above 
current levels, airlines may seek to pass on this increase in fuel prices to their customers by increasing ticket 
prices. In March 2022, Air France-KLM increased its ticket prices for long-haul flights as a consequence of 
the Russian - Ukrainian conflict and the corresponding increase in fuel prices. If ticket prices rise significantly 
above current levels, this may have a materially adverse impact on passenger numbers and air transport 
movements at Royal Schiphol Group’s airports. 
Furthermore, Royal Schiphol Group has been significantly impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 
outbreak. In 2020 and 2021, Royal Schiphol Group experienced lower passenger numbers by 71% and 60%, 
respectively, compared to passenger numbers in 2019. The first signs of recovery were seen in 2021 with a 
clear ramp-up during and after the summer when lockdowns and travel restrictions were lifted, although this 
was followed by a slowdown at the end of 2021, when new lockdowns and restrictions came into force. In 
early 2022, Royal Schiphol Group still faced fluctuating capacity needs due to COVID-related requirements, 
such as COVID-testing and social distancing. These challenges persist in some markets, where travel

--- Page 8 ---
8 
restrictions are still in place. Although, since the second quarter of 2022, demand fluctuations are no longer 
having a major effect on European markets as many countries relaxed COVID-19 measures and travel 
restrictions leading to a strong rebound in demand for air travel. In 2022, passenger numbers were 27% lower 
than in 2019. The outlook for the coming years remains uncertain. The development of the COVID-19 virus, 
international coordination of travel measures, the profile of the economic recovery, (travel) behavioural 
changes by passengers and businesses and the impact of the Russian – Ukrainian conflict are all factors which 
could adversely affect demand for air travel. The impact of COVID-19 on Royal Schiphol Group's business, 
operational result, prospects and financial position remains unpredictable, but it is significant. There can be 
no assurance that future passenger numbers and aircraft movements at Royal Schiphol Group airports will be 
at levels comparable to those achieved in the past. In addition, future growth in passenger numbers may result 
in Amsterdam Airport Schiphol or other Royal Schiphol Group airports facing capacity constraints. For more 
information on the current capacity constraints at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport see the sections entitled “Risk 
Factors – Regulatory Framework – Environmental Regulation”, “Risk Factors – Royal Schiphol Group 
exposed to governance risks, as RSG is controlled by public entities”, “Risk Factors – Royal Schiphol Group 
could fail to meet its sustainability targets”, “Description of RSG – Recent Developments and Key Issues – 
Capacity limitations” and “Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – 
Regulation, noise management and long term growth”. 
 
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Air France – KLM 
Air France – KLM, including its partners, plays a key role at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which 
serves as one of its two hubs together with Paris – Charles de Gaulle Airport. Air France – KLM accounted 
for approximately 50% of passenger volume at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in 2022, and will continue to 
account for a substantial portion of Royal Schiphol Group’s operating income and Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol’s passenger and cargo traffic and air transport movements for the foreseeable future. In particular, 
the number of transfer passengers is largely dependent on Air France – KLM. 
As a result of the above, Air France – KLM has a significant influence on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
aviation and commercial activities. A decision by Air France – KLM to restructure its route network or 
otherwise place less emphasis on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, a shift in business strategy by Air France – 
KLM, a material deterioration of the financial position of Air France – KLM, strikes by or absenteeism of 
Air France – KLM personnel (or a failure to recruit personnel as a result of labour market shortages or 
otherwise), or a substantial reduction in flight activity or commercial or operational differences of opinion 
between Royal Schiphol Group and Air France – KLM arising in respect of their relationship, could adversely 
affect passenger and cargo throughput and the number of air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, as well as the number of destinations served by the airport. If Air France – KLM would substantially 
reduce its activities at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, this would have a material adverse effect on Royal 
Schiphol Group's business, operational result, prospects and financial position. In addition, a failure or 
inability to pay amounts owed to Royal Schiphol Group could have a significant impact on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s operating income.  
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on air traffic control 
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the continued rise of international scheduled passenger traffic in 
Europe as forecast by the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”) has led Eurocontrol (the 
European air traffic control organisation of which Air Traffic Control the Netherlands (Luchtverkeersleiding 
Nederland, “LVNL”) is a member) to initiate numerous programmes to increase flight capacity through new 
technology and practices and through measures to harmonise European airspace (Single European Sky 
Programme and Airport Collaborative Decision Making Programme).When international passenger traffic 
recovers to pre-COVID-19 levels, the business operations of most European airlines and airports could be 
adversely affected by delays and sub-optimal flight paths without efficient increases in flight capacity over 
Europe. This in turn will directly affect the scheduling and capacity that can be delivered, and the ability to 
maintain or increase passenger and cargo traffic, at the Royal Schiphol Group airports. These events could 
have a negative effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol location

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Royal Schiphol Group is highly dependent on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is the main 
asset within the portfolio. 88% of all air transport movements and 86% of all passengers arrive or depart via 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and over 89% of revenues are generated by this airport location. Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s business operations are located in a relatively small geographic area near Amsterdam. If 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol was subject to a flood, fire or other natural disaster, terrorist attack, an accident 
involving an aircraft or infrastructure failure, a power loss or other event, the airport’s operations and 
revenues could be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn have a material adverse effect on 
Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Incidents could occur at Royal Schiphol Group airports 
Royal Schiphol Group’s operations are subject to operational risks, such as fires, flooding or other 
national disasters or events, wind, extreme weather, bird strikes, drone incursions, interruptions to power 
supplies, human errors, safety incidents, technical failures, loss, corruption or interruption of data, and 
explosions. Each Royal Schiphol Group airport is also subject to business interruption risks as a result of the 
closure of air space or grounding of aircraft by local and international authorities and the closing of ground 
access to the airports by local authorities. Some of these risks and hazards could result in damage or harm to, 
or destruction of, infrastructure, properties, people and the environment. Any or all of these hazards, as well 
as possible legal liability of a Royal Schiphol Group member arising thereof, could have a material adverse 
effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. There is 
also the risk that a governmental inquiry may be held into the causes of an accident which may result in Royal 
Schiphol Group being required to modify its operations, incurring investments and/or expenses that could be 
significant. Although Royal Schiphol Group has taken out insurance against property damage, business 
interruption and third party liability, such insurance may not fully cover the consequences of all damage, 
business interruptions and other liabilities. 
Terrorism or accidents could occur at Royal Schiphol Group airports 
In common with other airports, and in addition to the general terrorism risk described under 
“Dependence on the number and type of aircraft and passengers” above, there is the risk of an accident or 
act of terrorism occurring at or near Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, or one of the other Royal Schiphol Group 
airports or operating locations. If an accident or act of terrorism occurs, operations at the airport may be 
disrupted for a period of time while the accident or act of terrorism is investigated and any ensuing damage 
is repaired. Consequences of such damage could also impact the use of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
location as described above under “The Royal Schiphol Group is dependent on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
location” and could also lead to  unplanned repairs as described below under “Unplanned repairs and 
maintenance could therefore have a material adverse effect”. The event could affect traffic levels for a 
longer period as well, which could also be (further) fuelled by the dissuasive effect of an act of terrorism 
causing passengers to avoid using the relevant airport(s). In addition, there is a risk that one or more 
parties who have suffered loss as a result of an accident seek compensation from Royal Schiphol Group, 
and that a governmental enquiry is held into the causes of the accident. Royal Schiphol Group may be 
required to incur costs and spend management time defending such a claim or participating in such an enquiry. 
If a claim is successful, Royal Schiphol Group could be ordered to pay significant sums of money to 
claimants to compensate them for losses they have suffered. A governmental enquiry may result in Royal 
Schiphol Group being required to modify its operations and to incur expense in doing so. New legislation 
may result in Royal Schiphol Group being required to take additional safety measures which may require 
significant investments. 
An accident or act of terrorism at or near Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, or one of the other Royal 
Schiphol Group airports or activities, could therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and information security 
incidents 
Royal Schiphol Group’s operations are dependent on information and its own information 
technology systems and those of its third party service providers. Royal Schiphol Group could be negatively 
impacted by cyber-attacks on any of these. The risk of cyber-crime has increased and is expected to increase

--- Page 10 ---
10 
further, especially as infiltrating technology is becoming increasingly sophisticated, and there can be no 
assurance that Royal Schiphol Group will be able to prevent all threats. This could result in material losses 
of client or customer information, damage Royal Schiphol Group’s reputation and lead to regulatory 
penalties and financial losses incurred by Royal Schiphol Group. 
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to the risk of sensitive information being leaked or provided 
unintentionally (to the competition), unauthorised access to data, virus infection of information systems and 
the loss of information. Also, there is a risk that Royal Schiphol Group fails to implement or update 
technologies, processes and practices designed to protect networks, computers, programmes and data from 
attack, damage or unauthorised access. Royal Schiphol Group is subject to significant obligations in respect 
of data protection legislation and failure to comply with such obligations may subject Royal Schiphol Group 
to regulatory action (including administrative fines) or civil claims, which could be substantial. These risks, 
actions and claims, should they materialise, may have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business and reputation, competitive position, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. If 
Royal Schiphol Group is required to modify its operations (including its information security systems) it may 
incur investments and/or expenses that could be significant. 
Unplanned repairs and maintenance could have a material adverse effect 
Royal Schiphol Group needs to carry out regular maintenance at its airports, of, among others, 
terminals, taxiways and runways. Taxiways and runways are typically shut down during periods of extensive 
maintenance and as a consequence this affects the allocation of air traffic movements. Planned maintenance 
may have to be delayed due to unforeseen circumstances such as unsuitable weather conditions possibly 
resulting in runway closures for maintenance during periods of high usage resulting in operational capacity 
restrictions. Operational hazards, damage to assets, the ageing terminal complex and a backlog of deferred 
maintenance could result in asset failures, which may require unplanned repairs and maintenance which could 
impact operational capacity and could therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Deteriorating labour relations, absenteeism and staff shortages may adversely affect Royal Schiphol 
Group’s businesses, results of operations, prospects and financial condition 
Royal Schiphol Group relies on its own workforce but also (i) on the employees of third parties to 
which it contracts out essential parts of its operations such as maintenance contractors, security companies, 
building cleaners, and assistance to passengers with reduced mobility, (ii) on other third parties over whose 
performance it does not control such as air traffic control authorities, airlines, ground handling companies 
and transport providers, and (iii) on public bodies such as customs and immigration authorities and airport 
police, see the risk factor “Operations and passenger experience at Royal Schiphol Group airports depend 
upon third parties, whose performance the Royal Schiphol Group does not control” below. 
If labour relations in these sectors deteriorate, Royal Schiphol Group may experience strikes or 
other significant work stoppages which could for example impact the quality and range of services offered to 
both passengers and airlines and have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition if they last for a longer period. They could result in passengers 
choosing other airports for future travel and airlines suspending business at Royal Schiphol Group’s airports. 
Labour relations were under pressure in 2022 as a result of the sharp increase in the number of 
passengers and flights in combination with staff shortages predominantly in the security checks, baggage 
handling as well as aircraft handling. On 23 May 2022, KLM baggage handlers at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol went on strike for better wages and working conditions leading to a large number of flight 
cancellations at the start of the busy May holiday season of 2022. Strike action was also threatened by security 
personnel who were unsatisfied with wages and working conditions. This strike was averted as agreement 
was reached between RSG, the unions and the security companies, which are contracted by RSG, to 
supplement pay and improve working conditions. In October 2022, discussions between Schiphol, the FNV 
and CNV trade unions, and security companies resulted in a negotiated agreement on a new social package 
to structurally improve the terms and conditions of employment at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Despite 
these measures, there is no guarantee that RSG, airlines, the security companies or other contractors or third

--- Page 11 ---
11 
parties will be able to provide the necessary staffing to avoid further operational challenges in the upcoming 
2023 holiday season. Furthermore, RSG has very limited influence over the working conditions of ground 
handling staff who, unlike the security staff who are employed by companies which are contracted by RSG, 
are employed by ground handling companies which are contracted directly by the airlines. A lack of 
improvement in wages and working conditions of ground handlers or absenteeism in general may result in 
operational disruption to operational processes at the airports of RSG. Staff shortages in essential parts of 
RSG’s airports could also occur as a result of a failure by RSG, its contracting parties, airlines or third parties 
operating at the airports to recruit new personnel as a result of shortages on the labour market or for other 
reasons. Any such staff shortages or absenteeism could impact the quality and range of services offered to 
both passengers and airlines and would have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, 
results of operations, prospects and financial condition if they last for a longer period. Any such staff 
shortages or absenteeism could further result in passengers choosing other airports for future travel and 
airlines suspending business at Royal Schiphol Group’s airports. 
On 14 March 2023, the Dutch Labour Inspectorate (Nederlandse Arbeidsinspectie) required 
baggage handlers at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to automate or mechanise their processes within two years 
to reduce the physical strain on their employees. Within six months from the date the requirement was 
imposed by the Dutch Labour Inspectorate, the baggage handlers must present a plan to the Dutch Labour 
Inspectorate on how they intend to achieve the required automation and mechanisation of the baggage 
handling process within two years or such other reasonable and substantiated timeframe as is acceptable to 
the Dutch Labour Inspectorate. Although RSG and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol are not directly subject to 
the regulatory requirement, which was imposed on six baggage handlers active at Amsterdam Schiphol 
Airport, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, as owner of the baggage handling system, will have a role in 
automation and mechanisation of the baggage handling process. To the extent possible, the requirements of 
the Dutch Labour Inspectorate for automation and mechanisation will be an important element of the planned 
renovation and expansion of the baggage system. The renovation and expansion of the baggage system is, 
however, a large scale investment project which is not expected to be completed within the short timeframe 
that the Dutch Labour Inspectorate has imposed on the baggage handlers. RSG is working in close 
cooperation with the baggage handlers to find better working methods and assess all measures and technical 
solutions (such as increasing the number of mechanical lifting aids in the baggage handling areas) in order to 
improve working conditions for the employees of all baggage handlers and to help the baggage handlers 
comply with the requirements of the Dutch Labour Inspectorate. As described below under risk factor 
“Operations and passenger experience at Royal Schiphol Group airports depend upon third parties, whose 
performance the Royal Schiphol Group does not control”, RSG can only exercise limited control over the 
baggage handling companies who are retained and contracted by the airlines and not by RSG. Failure of the 
baggage handlers to comply with the requirements of the Dutch Labour Inspectorate could lead to fines and 
penalties for the baggage handling companies, a (temporary) shutdown of activities, labour disputes or strikes 
of their employees. This could affect the passenger experience, have a material adverse effect on the 
accessibility and operation of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition.  
Working conditions for employees, also for workers in the broader aviation sector, are an important 
aspect of sustainability and have been the subject of considerable media coverage in 2022, negatively 
affecting RSG’s reputation. 
The above factors could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition.  
Operations and passenger experience at Royal Schiphol Group airports depend upon third parties, 
whose performance the Royal Schiphol Group does not control 
The operation of the Royal Schiphol Group airports is largely dependent on the services of third 
parties, such as air traffic control authorities, airlines, ground handling companies and transport providers, 
and on public bodies such as customs and immigration authorities and airport police. Neither Royal Schiphol 
Group nor its group members are responsible for, and can only exercise limited control over, the services 
provided by these parties, either because these parties are retained and contracted by the airlines or other 
institutions, or because they are representatives of local or governmental authorities acting pursuant to

--- Page 12 ---
12 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Any disruption in the operations, default in the performance, including a failure to provide adequate 
resources such as personnel by these parties, or adverse consequences resulting from their activities may 
affect passenger experience, have a material adverse effect on the accessibility and operation of the Royal 
Schiphol Group airports and on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition  (see the risk factor “Deteriorating labour relations, absenteeism and staff shortages may 
adversely affect Royal Schiphol Group’s businesses, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition”). 
The Royal Schiphol Group airports rely on a sophisticated network of domestic and international 
multimodal connections for their strong competitive position: passengers choose an airport based, in part, on 
its transport connections and ease of access, while businesses also factor in accessibility when selecting a 
location for their operations. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the accessibility of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, in particular, was under growing pressure as rising visitor numbers led to the increased use of the 
airport's roads, railway station and parking facilities. Security measures put additional strain on landside 
infrastructure, while construction work for the new pier has required Schiphol to reroute the roads in the 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol-Centre area. Royal Schiphol Group agreed with its partners to expand landside 
traffic capacity. However, increasing passenger volumes travelling to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol could 
result in the current expansion plans being insufficient to support future passenger growth. Further expansions 
which are not under the control of Royal Schiphol Group (such as extension of Amsterdam’s North-South 
Metro line to Schiphol) could be needed. Failure to realise necessary further expansions could have a material 
adverse effect on the accessibility and operation of the Royal Schiphol Group airports and on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition in the long term. 
The successful implementation of Royal Schiphol Group's capital investment programme is dependent 
on a number of factors 
Royal Schiphol Group currently makes, and is expected to make, significant budgeted capital 
expenditures over the next few years. Various large scale infrastructure projects are being undertaken, 
including the construction of a new pier (“Pier A”), the redevelopment of Departure Hall 1 and the renovation 
of the baggage system. As a result of the COVID-19 crisis, many projects, including the construction of a 
new terminal, have been delayed or postponed. 
Completion risks and other unexpected risks (such as safety issues, delays in construction, increase 
of construction costs, difficulty in finding suitable (replacement) construction contractors, constraints in 
available human resources due to labour market dynamics, or difficulty in obtaining requisite permits, 
consents, licenses or environmental or planning permissions (and/or the revocation thereof), can affect 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's capacity and quality levels, cause business interruptions or budget overruns 
and may lead to an unprofitable investment. Such risks may have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
The construction of Pier A is significantly delayed and was only 60% completed by the end of 2022. 
On 29 November 2021, RSG terminated the contract with the contractor (a joint venture between Ballast 
Nedam and TAV Construction - BN-TAV) for the construction of Pier A. The termination was done in an 
organised way, whereby a controlled hand over of the construction site has taken place from BN-TAV to 
RSG. Since the termination, both parties have undertaken a formal process of mediation with the aim of 
resolving all disputes. At the end of July 2022, Royal Schiphol Group decided to withdraw from the 
mediation.  
BN-TAV submitted parts of its final account in February 2023, which includes interim claims for 
delays, additional work (meerwerk), ‘unlawful termination’ and ‘miscellaneous claims of subcontractors’. In 
total, BN-TAV has claimed €281 million. In return, RSG has submitted a first counterclaim to BN-TAV of 
€93 million for delay damages, costs of rectifying defective work, additional costs and recoverable costs. 
This counterclaim only covers the period up to termination. RSG is also entitled under the contract to submit 
claims for the costs of rectifying defective work, further delays and the additional costs to complete the project 
after the termination. Contractors have been appointed to complete emergency works to protect the asset and 
complete the project, records from these contracts will be compiled for cost-to-complete claims. The

--- Page 13 ---
13 
finalisation of RSG's counterclaims is dependent on the completion of the project. It is currently uncertain if 
more claims will be submitted by either BN-TAV or RSG. BN-TAV is challenging the legal basis of the 
termination. Discussions are ongoing between BN-TAV and RSG in an attempt to reach an agreement on all 
claims and disputes. If parties fail to settle on such claims and disputes, this may result in legal proceedings. 
If in any such legal proceedings the claims of BN-TAV as currently known would be awarded and the claims 
of RSG be rejected, this could result in a significant cash outflow for RSG of at least €281 million and this 
could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Following a new tender procedure, RSG has appointed a new contractor to complete Pier A. The 
new contract has been agreed in two phases, the pre-execution phase and the execution phase. During the 
pre-execution phase, parties will agree on the scope and pricing prior to commencing the execution phase. 
As a result of the more competitive market circumstances, this could lead to a significant increase in 
construction costs for RSG to finish Pier A. For more information on the construction of Pier A see the section 
entitled “Description of Schiphol Nederland - Recent Developments and Key Issues – Investment 
programme”. 
The expansion and redevelopment of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will continue in the coming 
years to expand physical capacity, improve quality and further optimize processes. 
Adverse applications of existing regulations, the introduction of new regulations (such as the Dutch 
government’s intention to reduce the number of permitted air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol) or the consequences thereof, difficulties in obtaining or discharging the requirements of any 
requisite permits, consents, licenses or planning permissions, delays in completion of projects, rapid changes 
in growth of passenger numbers or aircraft movements, reconfiguration plans, opposition towards the 
opening of Lelystad Airport, technological developments (for example, larger aircraft or new safety 
equipment) or acquisitions or future international alliances or participations entered into by Royal Schiphol 
Group (which are not included in RSG’s budgeted capital expenditure figures) may render the original 
assumptions obsolete, may significantly increase the amount of capital expenditure required from the 
level currently envisaged and may delay or prevent the completion of a project or the commencement of its 
commercial operation.  
The commencement of commercial operation of a newly constructed facility may also give rise to 
start-up problems, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, or lack of readiness of airline 
operators, closure of facilities and disruptions of operations. RSG's construction contracts may contain 
restricted remedies or limitations on liability such that any such sums claimed or amounts paid may be 
insufficient to cover the financial impact of breach of contract. The ability of contractors to meet their 
financial or other liabilities cannot be assured.  
The failure of RSG to recognise, plan for and manage the extent of the impact of construction 
projects could result in projects overrunning budgets, operational disruptions, unsatisfactory facilities at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol (or any other airport operated by it), safety and security performance 
deficiencies, and higher-than-expected operating costs. In addition, construction projects could affect 
customer experience. Any of these could affect such airport's day-to-day operations and impact Royal 
Schiphol Group's reputation and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on RSG's business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group's insurance coverage might not be adequate or available in all circumstances 
RSG seeks to insure all reasonable risks, including the risk arising from business interruption 
resulting from physical loss or damage to its assets. There can be no assurance, however, that its insurance 
policies provide adequate and sufficient cover for all events and incidents affecting RSG. An event or 
incident could therefore have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business, results of operations, prospects 
and financial condition. In addition, the insurance policies of RSG do not protect RSG against reputational 
harm that may arise as a result of an event or an incident. The market for airport insurance is limited, as a 
result of which RSG may have difficulties obtaining insurance coverage in the future. Also, any extension 
or replacement of existing insurance policies may be for reduced coverage only, at less favourable terms, or 
against higher premiums. These circumstances, including any failure to obtain insurance or to collect under 
relevant insurance policies, could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business, results of operations,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group’s strategy of international activities may not be successful 
Royal Schiphol Group has made airport-related investments in Australia, Hong Kong, Italy and the 
United States. The main international activities of Royal Schiphol Group are focused on strengthening Royal 
Schiphol Group as an airport operator and its financial position. 
Royal Schiphol Group currently has a participation in the airports of Brisbane and Hobart and 
manages terminal and retail operations in Terminal 4 at JFK International Airport in New York. 
Furthermore, Royal Schiphol Group provides consultancy services to Aruba International Airport and 
Princess Juliana International Airport on Saint Martin. 
There can be no assurance that Royal Schiphol Group will be able to implement its strategy for 
international activities as such implementation depends, to a certain extent, on the cooperation of third parties. 
International activities may expose Royal Schiphol Group to a number of risks, including legal, political, 
accounting, financial, and economic risks in countries in which it might invest, and potential disruption to 
its ongoing operations if its management is required to expend significant time and effort in supporting 
its international interests. International activities could therefore have a material adverse effect on Royal 
Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Key personnel and failure to attract, develop and retain talented staff with the required capabilities  
Royal Schiphol Group relies on the skills and experience of certain key personnel (including but 
not limited to the members of Royal Schiphol Group’s Management Board and Royal Schiphol Group’s 
Executive Team) working at Royal Schiphol Group and/or its participations. The loss of services of any of 
these key individuals, even though relevant information and experience is shared with a larger group of 
individuals on a regular basis, and other personnel, including but not limited to personnel responsible for 
essential parts of Royal Schiphol Group’s operations, also in circumstances where Royal Schiphol Group or 
its participations would not be successful in attracting, developing and retaining diverse and talented people 
and key personnel with the required capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Following the resignation of  Dirk Anne Benschop as President and CEO of RSG as of 31 December 
2022, the Supervisory Board appointed Ruud Sondag as interim President and CEO of RSG on 1 November 
2022 for a term of one year. The Supervisory Board of RSG has commenced the process of seeking a 
successor to the position of President and CEO, following the end of Ruud Sondag’s interim term. On 1 
February 2023, the Supervisory Board terminated the employment agreement of Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operations Officer Hanne Loes Buis. The process to fill the position of Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operations Officer will be initiated once the CEO position has been filled. There is no guarantee 
that RSG will be able to attract and retain suitable candidates for these positions, which could have a material 
adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
As stated above under Risk Factor “Deteriorating labour relations, absenteeism and staff shortages 
may adversely affect Royal Schiphol Group’s businesses, results of operations, prospects and financial 
condition”, besides its own personnel, RSG also depends on the personnel of third parties to which it contracts 
out essential parts of its operations, such as maintenance contractors, security companies, building cleaners, 
and assistance to passengers with reduced mobility. In 2022, operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol were 
severely affected by the inability of the security companies to attract and retain sufficient personnel to staff 
the security screening lanes at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The staff shortages persisted throughout the 
2022 summer holiday period. Although a number of measures have been taken by both RSG and the 
contracted security companies to improve the recruitment process and the attractiveness of the work and work 
environment, which has led to a significant improvement in the numbers of security staff the security 
companies are able to provide, there is no guarantee that the security companies or other parties to which 
RSG contracts out essential parts of its operations will continue to be able to attract and retain sufficient and 
suitable staff. A failure to attract and retain such staff could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
B. Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to competition risks 
Increased competition between airport operators 
Competition among airports is increasing. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol faces competition for 
origin/destination passengers from other airports in its catchment area, and for transfer passengers and cargo 
from a number of European airports, as well as from the emergence of niche and (fast growing) newly 
developed mega hub airports in other countries and regions such as Turkey and the Middle East. 
Furthermore, new concepts such as self-connect or self-hubbing (whereby travellers buy separate tickets 
from different airlines to build their own connection instead of having it arranged by airline(s)) supported 
by activities of increasingly influential low-cost carriers put pressure on the business model of the hub 
operations of major carriers. In the case of short-haul travel, it also faces competition from other modes of 
transport. 
Retail operators at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol face competition from online retailers, requiring 
them to adapt to sometimes rapidly changing purchasing behaviour displayed by consumers to prevent retail 
business opportunities from being missed. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s parking activities also face 
increased competition from local car parking offerings in the vicinity of the airport. 
In the competitive environment in which Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operates, there can be no 
assurance that it will be able to maintain or increase its competitive position. In particular, if Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol is perceived as less competitive by passengers, or is perceived by (other) airlines as a non-
competitive airport, this could have a negative effect on the development of the number and type of 
passengers and aircrafts using the airport, the amounts passengers spend at and around the airport and Royal 
Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
The Dutch government’s intention to reduce the maximum number of air transport movements 
permitted at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from the current limit of 500,000 to 440,000 (see the risk factor 
"Royal Schiphol Group is subject to environmental regulations which are subject to change, which may 
impact Royal Schiphol Group's business" below) may negatively affect Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s 
competitive position as business and future prospects for businesses operating at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol, such as airlines and retail businesses, will be limited. Businesses already operating at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol may choose to curtail or terminate their activities at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol may become less attractive for new business and businesses wishing to expand. 
This could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects 
and financial condition. 
A number of the measures RSG has announced as part of the ‘Better in Balance’ programme (see 
Description of Schiphol Nederland  - Recent Development and Key Issues – Regulation, noise management 
and long term growth) on 3 April 2023 could negatively affect the competitive position of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. The second measure, restrictions on noisy aircraft, and the third measure, stopping night time 
landings and take-offs, affect the operations of airlines at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and could make 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol less attractive for both existing and new airlines and businesses. By curtailing 
night time flights airlines may not be able to get the same usage from an aircraft resulting in higher ticket 
prices. Airlines, whose activities are affected by the measures, may decide to move their operations to other 
airports offering more growth opportunities and it may be difficult to attract new airlines as a result of the 
operational limitations. This could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
As a result of the limitation on the number of air transport movements experienced between 2017-
2019 at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, fewer take-off and landing slots were distributed to cargo airlines as 
one of the rules of the slot allocation process is the right of an airline to keep all its awarded slots in a 
subsequent year if it used at least 80% of the slots in the previous year. As cargo airlines typically only use 
slots if they are able to fly at mostly full capacity, they are far less likely to use 80% of the awarded slots. As 
a result, the number of cargo air transport movements declined and is likely to decline again if further capacity 
restrictions are introduced. Furthermore, cargo airlines are more likely to operate slots during the night and 
operate older and noisier aircraft, thereby being particularly affected by the second and third measures of the 
‘Better in Balance’ programme announced by RSG on 3 April 2023 (see “Description of Schiphol Nederland

--- Page 16 ---
16 
- Recent Development and Key Issues – Regulation, noise management and long term growth”). 
Cargo is important for maintaining the network of destinations served from Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. Cargo can be transported on cargo aircraft which carry only cargo as well as in the hold of passenger 
aircraft. Cargo carried in the hold of passenger aircraft contributes to the profitability of the flight. Certain 
routes might no longer be profitable if cargo carried on passenger aircraft at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport 
declines. If cargo airlines are unable to secure sufficient landing and take-off slots due to the capacity 
restrictions and noisy aircraft restrictions, they could decide to move their business to another airport, which 
in turn could lead to a less attractive market for cargo at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol leading to a decline in 
cargo transported at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, both in cargo aircraft and in the hold of passenger aircraft. 
In order to protect the cargo business at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, RSG proposes to allocate 2.5% of its 
available slots in the capacity declaration for cargo airlines. A change to the EU slot coordination regulation 
is required for Airport Coordination Netherlands (ACNL) to be able to implement the proposed measure. It 
is highly uncertain whether RSG will be successful in being able to influence a change to the EU slot 
coordination regulation. If unsuccessful, the cargo market at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol may decline 
significantly. This could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business, results of operations, prospects 
and financial condition. 
C. Governance risks  
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to governance risks, as RSG is controlled by public entities 
The current shareholders of Royal Schiphol Group are the State of the Netherlands (Staat der 
Nederlanden), the City of Amsterdam and the City of Rotterdam. These entities have certain controls 
over Royal Schiphol Group including the ability to pass or to prevent the passing of matters submitted for 
resolutions by the shareholders, which in turn includes the adoption of annual financial statements, and the 
declaration of dividends, capital increases and other transactions. The foregoing would not change if the 
shareholders were to sell a minority interest in Royal Schiphol Group. In addition, the State of the Netherlands 
continues to hold a minority interest in the share capital of KLM N.V. and a minority interest in the share 
capital of the Air France – KLM holding company. There is therefore a potential conflict of interest between 
the State of the Netherlands’ interests in Air France – KLM and Royal Schiphol Group. Also, the State of 
the Netherlands, through its role as shareholder, policymaker and legislator, has considerable influence on 
RSG’s operations, which, depending on the circumstances (such as the level of public and political support 
for the aviation industry), may positively or negatively influence Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results 
of operation, prospects and financial condition. 
D. Regulatory, legal and reputational risks  
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to environmental regulations which are subject to change, which may 
impact Royal Schiphol Group's business  
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and other Royal Schiphol Group airports are 
restricted by environmental limits and rules. Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to comply with applicable 
environmental limits and rules is affected by traffic demand and other factors, such as weather and 
climate conditions, aircraft types and actions by air traffic control authorities that are beyond Royal Schiphol 
Group’s control. In the event of a breach of certain environmental limits, the Minister of Infrastructure and 
Water Management has discretionary authority to impose sanctions, and the power to limit the use of, or 
close, one or more runways or the airport itself. 
Noise regulation 
Environmental noise limits at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol restrict the ability of Royal Schiphol 
Group to maintain or increase passenger and cargo traffic growth rates. Royal Schiphol Group is currently 
party to an agreement under which air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol have been capped 
at 500,000 a year through 2020 (the “2020 Agreement”). The 2020 Agreement was based on the expectation 
that an amended Airport Traffic Decree would be passed into law prior to the end of 2020. However, this 
process was interrupted by the Council of State’s ruling in 2019 against the government’s Integrated 
Approach to Nitrogen, leading to a requirement for airports in the Netherlands to obtain a nature conservation

--- Page 17 ---
17 
permit. This new permit and the associated standards must be incorporated into the amended Air Traffic 
Decree, a process which was not expected to be completed prior to the end of 2020 and did not complete. In 
the interim, the existing 2020 Agreement relating to the 500,000 air transport movement cap continues to be 
applied by the government until the reduction of air transport movements will become effective, as described 
below. From 2017 to 2019, air transport movements approached the limit of 500,000 air transport movements 
per year and therefore growth was restricted. However, as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 crisis, air 
transport movements in the period from 2020 to 2022 dropped significantly below the 500,000 air transport 
movement limit. In 2022, there were 397,646 air traffic movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.  
However, on 24 June 2022, the Dutch government announced its intention to reduce the maximum 
number of air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from November 2023 onwards. The 
reduction in air transport movements is expected to be implemented in three stages. 
The first stage which is to be implemented on 1 November 2023 involves ending anticipatory 
enforcement by November 2023. Anticipatory enforcement means that if the limits of the older system of 
environment noise limits (still embedded in the law via the Airport Traffic Decree Schiphol 
(Luchthavenverkeerbesluit Schiphol)) are exceeded, enforcement would not occur as long as the infraction 
was the result of operating in accordance with the New Standards and Enforcement System (Nieuw Normen- 
en Handhavingsstelsel Schiphol). By ending anticipatory enforcement the noise limits of the older system, 
still embedded in law, will again be enforced while simultaneously continuing with the system of preferential 
runway use. Anticipatory enforcement refers to the government’s decision in 2015 to permit Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol to operate within the limits set in the New Standards and Enforcement System for 
environment noise at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, up to a maximum of 500,000 air transport movements a 
year, in anticipation of the new system being incorporated into an amended Airport Traffic Decree, which is 
the final step in embedding the new environmental noise system into law. The New Standards and 
Enforcement System was developed with the aim of reducing noise disturbance through strictly preferential 
runway use whereby preference is given to the use of runways that cause noise disturbance to the fewest local 
residents. This will reduce the annual capacity for air transport movements from 500,000 movements to 
460,000. A court ruling on 5 April 2023 has prohibited the implementation of the first stage for the operational 
year beginning on 1 November 2023. It is not yet clear how this ruling will affect the implementation of the 
government’s plans beyond 2023. 
The second stage involves a further reduction of the maximum number of air transport movements 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from 460,000 to 440,000. Prior to implementing noise-related operating 
restrictions, the European Union requires that a ‘Balanced Approach’ procedure must be conducted which 
includes defining the noise abatement objectives, identifying measures which can be implemented to achieve 
the objectives and transparent consultation with stakeholders. The government is aiming to complete this 
procedure for implementation in November 2024.  
The final stage involves the incorporation of a new system of environment limits into an amended 
Airport Traffic Decree. This new system of environmental limits is to be developed based on the current 
environment effects associated with 440,000 air transport movements per year. Future growth beyond the 
envisaged 440,000 air transport movements would then only be possible if there is a reduction in the 
environmental effects. It is anticipated that it will take up to five years to develop and implement this new 
system of environmental limits. 
Further details of these plans and their current stage of development are summarised in the section 
"Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues – Air transport movements cap 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol". 
A reduction in the number of permitted air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
will result in airlines not being allocated the requested slots, potentially impacting connectivity as airlines 
may take action by using larger aircraft, decreasing frequencies, or switching operations to a different airport 
with more growth potential thereby hampering the further development of the network of destinations, since 
new routes can only be developed if existing frequencies are reduced or abandoned. In particular, a reduction 
in the maximum number air transport movement at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol could have a negative effect 
on the frequency and connectivity of flights operated at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol by Air France – KLM,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
leading to a reduction in Air France – KLM’s competitive position or decisions by Air France – KLM to 
reduce operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in favour of Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. 
A reduction in air transport movement limits will result in airlines rationalising their available slots 
in favour of (more profitable) passenger flights at the cost of cargo flights, resulting in a decline in cargo 
volumes at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. In addition, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s competitive position 
may be negatively affected as business and future prospects for businesses operating at Schiphol, such as 
airlines and retail businesses, will be limited. Businesses already operating at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
may choose to curtail or terminate their activities at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol may become less attractive for new business and businesses wishing to expand. 
The above factors could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results 
of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Regulations regarding air quality 
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol generate waste, effluent and emissions into the 
atmosphere. In addition to noise limits, Royal Schiphol Group and the airlines using the Royal Schiphol 
Group airports are subject to a range of environmental legislation and regulations relating to human health, 
safety and the protection of the environment, including regulations on air quality, malodour from airport 
operations and public health and safety. In March 2023, the Dutch Labour Inspectorate (Nederlandse 
Arbeidsinspectie) published the first part of its report regarding the effect and reduction of ultra-fine particles 
(UFP) and substances of very high concern (zeer zorgwekkende stoffen, ZZS) at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. 
The report sets out the requirement that Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and the eight ground handling 
companies at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol replace equipment with a diesel motor with electrically driven 
equipment, where there is a viable electrically driven alternative available within two years. Additionally, as 
part of a broader campaign of the Dutch Environmental Defence (Milieudefensie), Royal Schiphol Group is 
one of the 29 Dutch companies that has received a request to provide a reduction plan for its CO2-emissions. 
On 14 April 2022, Royal Schiphol Group shared its refined sustainability plan with the Dutch Environmental 
Defence outlining, amongst other, its sustainability goals for 2030 and 2050. 
Nature conservation regulation  
At the end of 2019, the Council of State ruled on the Integrated Approach to Nitrogen. At the request 
of the government, and in light of the principle agreements made on the future development of Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport, the Committee gave priority to the investigation of the effects of 
aviation on nitrogen oxide (NOx). In its advice of January 2020, the Committee stated that, at 1.1%, aviation's 
contribution to NOx levels in the Netherlands is relatively modest. Nevertheless, Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol is required to decrease its contribution across three areas: 1) nitrogen emissions relating to transport 
to and from the airport, 2) emissions relating to airport activities on the ground, and 3) emissions attributable 
to the aircraft landing and take-off cycle.  
Lelystad Airport has been redeveloped on the assumption that part of the origin / destination traffic 
currently handled by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, could be taken over by Lelystad Airport, creating room 
for additional transfer traffic at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The opening of Lelystad Airport has been 
postponed several times due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, environmental concerns 
relating to noise disturbance, absence of a permit under the Nature Protection Act, and the drop in air traffic 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In March 2022, Lelystad 
Airport received a rejection of its claim for full nitrogen deposition rights under the Integrated Approach to 
Nitrogen-claims Decree. This means that Lelystad Airport cannot rely on the governmental measures and 
must take its own measures to compensate its deposition in order to obtain the required permit under the 
Nature Protection Act. Lelystad Airport has secured nitrogen deposition rights to operate 10.000 air transport 
movements per annum. The new launch date is contingent on approval by the government and parliament 
being provided in the form of the amended Airport Decree, a permit under the Nature Protection Act and 
approval of the air traffic distribution rules. (see “Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments 
and Key Issues – Lelystad Airport opening delayed”). 
In September 2019 the Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management received various

--- Page 19 ---
19 
enforcement requests from nature protection organisations with respect to various airports lacking permits 
under the Nature Protection Act. On 2 April 2020 the Ministry ruled that it rejects these enforcement requests, 
based on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s extensive historic rights and the assessment by the Ministry that 
such enforcement would be disproportionate. The Ministry further ruled that the various airports in the 
Netherlands (including those operated by Royal Schiphol Group), are required to obtain a permit under the 
Nature Protection Act. In November 2020, applications were originally submitted for nature conservation 
permits (natuurvergunning) under the Nature Conservation Act (Wet natuurbescherming) for both 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport. When granted, the permits will confirm the maximum 
amount of nitrogen emissions and their resulting deposits. RSG is implementing a ‘Nitrogen Action Plan’, 
which launched in 2020 and which is embedded in its ‘Most Sustainable Airports’ roadmap and includes, 
amongst other things, a range of measures to reduce nitrogen emissions, including electrification of ground 
handling equipment, the use of electric busses, electrification of the aircraft stands to provide electric power 
connections for aircraft and the development of sustainable taxiing. The measures which RSG can take at 
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport and Lelystad Airport are not sufficient to mitigate nitrogen depositions in 
designated nature conservation areas located further away from the airports, and RSG must use external 
mitigation to offset the excess nitrogen deposits. In 2022, sufficient external nitrogen deposition rights were 
secured through the acquisition of farms or unused nitrogen deposition rights from farmers for both 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport to comply with current requirements and in March 2023 
amended applications for nature conservation permits were submitted for both Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
and Lelystad Airport.  
Environmental claims, the failure to obtain environmental permits (or withdrawal of such permits) 
or the failure to comply with present or future legislation or regulations could subject Royal Schiphol Group 
to liabilities in the future, including the assessment of damages, liability to pay penalties, costs associated 
with the clean-up of hazardous substances, and orders to cease or restrict operations or cease or modify 
certain construction projects. In addition, in the case of breaches of regulations relating to third party risk, 
malodour and air quality, possible sanctions include temporary closure of runways or the whole airport could 
be applied. These liabilities and sanctions could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group's 
business, results of operations, prospectus and financial condition. 
Furthermore, these regulations, in particular those relating to noise and nitrogen deposition, limit 
Royal Schiphol Group’s flexibility in operating its business. Royal Schiphol Group’s freedom to operate its 
business is therefore subject to a number of factors beyond its control, and dependent on the level of societal 
and political support towards the aviation industry. Changes in, or adverse applications of, such regulations 
or lack of support could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to regulation regarding the setting of airport charges at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol which are subject to change, which may impact Royal Schiphol Group's business and 
results 
The ‘aviation’ activities of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol are subject to regulation based on the 
Aviation Act (Wet luchtvaart). The regulations include a ‘hybrid dual till’ model in which ‘aviation’ activities 
are regulated and ‘non-aviation’ activities, which are not. Under the Aviation Act, the return on ‘aviation’ 
activities is capped at the absolute level of costs related to these activities following an allocation system 
taking into account assets, costs and revenues of the airport to the extent they are related to ‘aviation’ 
activities, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) for ‘aviation’ 
activities, the parameters for which have been set in the regulatory framework and allocation system. Security 
charges are required to be set based on the costs related only to aviation security activities, separated from 
other regulated ‘aviation’ activities.  
Pursuant to an amendment to the Aviation Act, a regulatory framework came into force on 1 July 
2017. This framework affects the calculation and setting of airport charges at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
from 2019 onwards.  
Charges are set for 3 years and include a mandatory non-aviation contribution which is set by the 
shareholders of Royal Schiphol Group. The underlying principle for the mandatory non-aviation contribution

--- Page 20 ---
20 
is that Royal Schiphol Group should be able to achieve a benchmark return over the three-year period, should 
remain capable of independently funding its own operations at acceptable credit conditions and must retain 
at least a single A credit rating. In determining the mandatory contribution, aspects such as Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s competitive position and current market conditions are taken into account by the 
shareholders. On a yearly basis, charges are adjusted as a result of settlement from a former year. 
In October 2021, Royal Schiphol Group set charges for the three-year-period from 1 April 2022 to 
31 March 2025. In October 2022, Royal Schiphol Group set adjusted charges applicable as from 1 April 2023 
to 31 March 2024 as a result of the settlement 2021.  
Another amendment introduced by the Aviation Act is an efficiency incentive for major investment 
projects. In the event of budget overruns above a certain level during the implementation of a major 
investment project, additional costs incurred during the rate period concerned will be borne by Royal Schiphol 
Group; if the costs of implementation prove to be lower to a certain level, the resulting cost advantage will 
be equally distributed between the airlines and Royal Schiphol Group. The current allocation system that 
describes the allocation of assets was approved by the ‘Autoriteit Consument en Markt’ – the Dutch Authority 
for Consumers and Markets (“ACM”). 
The Aviation Act also contains a settlement mechanism whereby surpluses or shortfalls in revenues 
as a result of actual deviations from the consulted forecast traffic numbers can be settled over the subsequent 
three-year period following the year in which the settlement was established. Because of the COVID-19 
pandemic, being qualified as exceptional and unforeseen, the 2020 and 2021 settlements have been included 
with the charges which came into effect on 1 April 2023. The settlement system also recognises certain 
specific cost items that will need to be settled as well. In 2021, Royal Schiphol Group set new airport charges 
for airlines for the 2022-2024 period. The charges set by Royal Schiphol Group seek to balance two important 
goals: helping Amsterdam Airport Schiphol maintain its strong competitive position as a high-value European 
airport, and regenerating its financial health due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The proposed 
charges represent an average 11% annual increase over 2022-2024. The increase takes into account the 
settlement of the airport charges for 2020 and 2021, given that the original airport charges for this period 
were based on much higher consulted traffic forecasts than that realised in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-
19 pandemic and therefore did not cover the aviation-related costs budgeted/consulted by Schiphol. Several 
airlines filed a complaint against the increase in charges with the ACM. On 21 April 2022, the ACM published 
a press release stating that RSG has set the tariffs in accordance with the law and that the objections from the 
airlines have been rejected. The first rate increase took effect on 1 April 2022. However, the ACM’s decision 
is subject to appeal and two airlines have appealed against the ACM’s decision. The charges as per 1 April 
2023 were set in October 2022. Two airlines filed a complaint with the ACM. In its decision published on 23 
March 2023, the ACM ruled that it was not necessary to suspend the implementation of the new charges to 
be implemented on 1 April 2023 pending a final decision on the complaints by the ACM. The increase in 
airport charges could lead to a less attractive competitive position of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. This may 
in turn have a negative impact on the results of operations of the Royal Schiphol Group. For a further 
description of the allocation system and the amendments see “Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent 
Developments and Key Issues – The Aviation Act and airport charges”. 
There can be no assurance that the WACC under the regulatory framework properly reflects the 
actual funding costs of Royal Schiphol Group, especially given the fact that the WACC under the regulatory 
framework is set for a three-year period based upon the moving average of the preceding 2 or 5 years, 
whichever is lower.  If the actual funding costs are higher this will have a negative impact on the results of 
operations of the Royal Schiphol Group. Furthermore, the risk cannot be excluded that the current or future 
price regulation systems applicable to Royal Schiphol Group will be amended or any set airport charges may 
be required to be adjusted in a manner unfavourable to Royal Schiphol Group, which may have a negative 
impact on the results of operations of the Royal Schiphol Group. 
If Royal Schiphol Group fails to comply with security regulation this could lead to (legal) liabilities  
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and other Royal Schiphol Group airports are subject to 
security regulation. Airport security is aimed at preventing malicious acts intended to harm passengers, 
employees, visitors and the airport itself. New or adjusted security regulations may restrict the ability of Royal

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Schiphol Group to maintain or increase traffic growth rates and its business results of operations, prospects 
and financial condition. Failure to carry out its security activities in accordance with the applicable rules 
and regulations could lead to incidents or accidents causing harm to passengers, employees, visitors or 
airport property, which could result in legal liability for Royal Schiphol Group, the assessment of damages 
and liability to pay penalties. Any such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol 
Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Risk that RSG’s operating permit for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will be revoked 
Under the Aviation Act, Royal Schiphol Group has been designated as the operator of Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol for an indefinite period of time. This licence may be revoked by the Ministry of 
Infrastructure and Water Management in a limited number of circumstances: (i) mismanagement such that 
the continuity of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol would be endangered, (ii) national planning policy no longer 
envisaging an airport at the present location of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and (iii) a request for revocation 
of the permit by Royal Schiphol Group itself (provided such request is not against the public interest). The 
revocation of the operating permit for any such reason would mean that Royal Schiphol Group would not be 
able to conduct its aviation business. Although Royal Schiphol Group would be entitled to compensation for 
certain damages if the State of the Netherlands were to revoke the permit because of a change in national 
planning policy, Royal Schiphol Group would not be entitled to any damages in the event that its permit to 
operate Amsterdam Airport Schiphol were revoked on the ground of mismanagement. Accordingly, the 
revocation of the permit to operate Amsterdam Airport Schiphol would have a material adverse effect on 
Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Real estate development regulations may limit Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to develop planned and 
future commercial real estate projects 
Real estate development is subject to regulations on national town and country planning. It is 
possible that existing or new national town and country planning policies will limit Royal Schiphol Group’s 
ability to develop planned and future commercial real estate projects at or around Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol or other Royal Schiphol Group airports by, for example, limiting the type, use, location and height 
of buildings. These restrictions may accordingly have a material adverse impact on the revenues and result 
of operations generated in Royal Schiphol Group’s Schiphol Commercial business area. 
Royal Schiphol Group is subject to various types of regulations which are subject to change, which may 
impact Royal Schiphol Group's business  
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and other Royal Schiphol Group airports are subject to 
various types of regulation. Existing regulation may change or new regulations may be introduced requiring 
Schiphol to make investments or modify its operational processes. This may restrict the ability of RSG to 
maintain or increase traffic growth rates and affect its business results from operations, prospects and 
financial condition. 
The European Commission has amended the Schengen Borders Code in order to implement the new 
Entry-Exit System ("EES") for travellers crossing external borders of the Schengen area. EES is a common 
electronic system registering information including biometric data on persons travelling into and out of the 
Schengen area. Implementation of the system at border control in the terminal at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
will require significant infrastructure modifications to accommodate the border control kiosks for all 
passengers entering the Netherlands from outside the EU. The introduction of additional border controls and 
passenger data registration will impact the flow of passengers and could lead to capacity constraints for the 
number passengers crossing the border. These measures could affect passenger experience at RSG’s airports 
and its reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business results from operations, 
prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to litigation and could face legal proceedings, fines and investigations 
Royal Schiphol Group must act in accordance with competition or privacy laws. Given the strong 
presence of Air France – KLM at Schiphol Amsterdam Airport, there is a high degree of mutual dependency 
between Royal Schiphol Group and Air France – KLM (see the risk factor "The Royal Schiphol Group is

--- Page 22 ---
22 
dependent on Air France – KLM"), which results in direct contacts on certain policy matters to comply with 
competition laws. Competition and data privacy authorities exercise considerable discretion in setting the 
levels of fines for non-compliance with competition and privacy laws and regulations. Given the position of 
Royal Schiphol Group in certain markets, any failure to comply with applicable competition or privacy laws 
and regulations may result in Royal Schiphol Group incurring substantial fines and settlement costs. 
From time to time, Royal Schiphol Group is involved in legal proceedings or investigations. It is 
impossible to predict the outcome of the proceedings or investigations. Any adverse judgments or settlements 
in any litigation, investigation or other proceedings to which the Royal Schiphol Group’s business is, or may 
in the future be, subject could have a material adverse effect on the Royal Schiphol Group's reputation, 
business and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could face reputational and image damage 
Negative perception or negative and/or inaccurate publicity may undermine public acceptance 
of, and stakeholder support for, the airport activities. In 2022, Royal Schiphol Group’s reputation suffered as 
a result of a lack of  sufficient security personnel to adequately service the large increase in passenger numbers 
following the lifting of COVID-19 travel restrictions. Insufficient appeal and a negative perception of the 
price/quality ratio of the goods and services on offer at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol may also affect Royal 
Schiphol Group’s image. Damage to Royal Schiphol Group’s reputation can furthermore be inflicted by 
issues related to compliance with and/or the implementation of legal and regulatory requirements, such as in 
relation to competition and anti-trust, data protection and information security, anti-money laundering and 
anti-bribery, sustainability matters, ethical matters, or any failure to adequately address such issues and 
possible related publicity. Each could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, 
results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group could fail to meet its sustainability targets 
The aviation industry in the Netherlands is under increasing public scrutiny for its effects on the 
environment and climate change. As the operator of the largest airports in the Netherlands, much of the focus 
of this public scrutiny is directed at Royal Schiphol Group and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in particular. 
Royal Schiphol Group has made sustainable development a key aspect of its strategy and developed a 
Sustainability Roadmap. Furthermore, reducing noise disturbance and emissions have been put forward in 
the government’s Civil Aviation Policy Memorandum 2020-2050 as conditions of further growth at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Failure of Royal Schiphol Group to meet its sustainability and environmental 
targets could severely undermine public sentiment and political support which could have a material adverse 
effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
 
E. Risks relating to Royal Schiphol Group’s financial situation  
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to (re-)financing risk  
Royal Schiphol Group faces substantial financing needs in the coming years to fund its capital 
investment programmes as well as re-financing existing debt as it becomes due. As per 31 December 2022, 
Royal Schiphol Group needs to refinance approximately €865 million of debt up to and including 2025. The 
envisaged capital expenditures and (re-)financing needs of Royal Schiphol Group will require that it seeks 
external financing, either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may not be 
available at acceptable terms or may not be available at all. 
Volatility and temporary closing of capital markets and lack of, or limited access to, (public or 
private) finance may hinder Royal Schiphol Group in securing timely financing of major capital investment 
programmes and/or refinancing existing debt on attractive terms. A further deterioration of Royal Schiphol 
Group’s financial position for example as a result of the (continued) negative effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic or geopolitical events could also affect Royal Schiphol Group’s ability to secure sufficient 
financing on attractive terms. 
Any such lack of, or limitations to, the access of Royal Schiphol Group to the capital markets or 
(public or private) finance could limit Royal Schiphol Group’s liquidity, its financial flexibility, its ability to

--- Page 23 ---
23 
fulfil its obligations with respect to payments of interest and principal and/or its cash flows and affect its 
ability to execute its strategic plans, which could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
Risk that credit rating can be lowered or withdrawn 
There is no assurance that a credit rating will remain in place for any given period of time or that a 
credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, circumstances 
in the future so warrant.  RSG could for instance be confronted with one or multiple rating downgrade(s) if 
its operating cash flow would significantly decrease. A decision by a rating agency to downgrade or withdraw 
RSG’s credit rating could for instance limit Royal Schiphol Group’s access to the capital markets and thereby 
significantly limit its funding options. Furthermore, a downgrade would most likely result in an increase of 
Royal Schiphol Group's borrowing costs and adversely affect its results. Such rating events may also 
negatively affect the value of the Notes. 
Royal Schiphol Group enters into contracts with third parties which require them to give representations, 
covenants and indemnities, which could expose Royal Schiphol Group to litigation, early termination of 
contracts and/or cross-defaults under other contracts 
Members of the Royal Schiphol Group enter into contracts with third parties (including financial 
institutions) under which they have given or will give representations, covenants and indemnities as part of 
the transactions (including financing transactions) to which the contracts relate. Entry into such contracts 
gives rise to a risk of litigation relating to such representations, covenants and indemnities, and/or in case of 
breaches of any such representations and/or covenants (including breaches of financial covenants as a result 
of significant fair value changes in assets and/or liabilities) could give rise to termination of such contracts 
(or trigger mandatory prepayment obligations thereunder) and/or cross defaults under other contracts, which, 
if significant, could have a material adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, 
prospects and financial condition. 
Royal Schiphol Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
Royal Schiphol Group’s policy is to have between 50% and 100% of its consolidated debt portfolio 
financed on a fixed-rate basis or hedged through the use of interest rate swaps. Where any interest could 
become payable under Royal Schiphol Group’s financing arrangements based on a floating interest rate, a 
rise in interest rates may cause Royal Schiphol Group to pay more interest than it had anticipated, adversely 
impacting the profitability and liquidity position of Royal Schiphol Group, which could have a material 
adverse effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s business, net result, prospects and financial condition. 
Risks related to hedging arrangements 
In accordance with its internal financial policy, Royal Schiphol Group only uses derivative financial 
instruments (including an existing long-term EUR/JPY cross-currency swap subject to credit support 
arrangements) to hedge interest rate risk, hedge gas contracts and to hedge currency exposure and therefore 
to actively reduce financial risks. Nevertheless, the use of derivative financial instruments could lead to a 
liquidity risk for Royal Schiphol Group. A derivative financial instrument used by Royal Schiphol Group 
could exhibit a negative market value during its lifetime and in these circumstances, Royal Schiphol Group 
could be obliged to post cash collateral which will negatively affect its liquidity position. Also, Royal 
Schiphol Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early termination of the 
hedging arrangements by, its hedging counterparties. If such hedging arrangements are (early) terminated or 
hedge counterparties do not comply with their payment or delivery obligations, this may result in Royal 
Schiphol Group being fully exposed to such interest rate, gas prices and currency exposure. 
Royal Schiphol Group could be subject to increases in pension contributions in the future 
Royal Schiphol Group’s pension plan is administered by the Algemeen Burgerlijk Pensioenfonds 
(“ABP”), the pension fund for employers and employees in service of the Dutch government and educational 
services in the Netherlands. The pension plan is regarded as a group scheme involving more than one 
employer that qualifies as a defined-contribution plan because:

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
the members bear the actuarial and investment risks practically in full; 
 
the affiliated employers have no supplementary obligation to make additional 
contributions in the event of a deficit at the ABP, nor are they entitled to any surpluses 
in addition to paying the premium set by the ABP; and 
 
each year the premium is set by the ABP board on the basis of its own file date, with 
due regard for the prescribed parameters and requirements. 
Accordingly, in measuring the obligations arising from the pension plan, Royal Schiphol Group 
merely recognises the pension contributions payable as an expense in its consolidated income statement. In 
addition to Royal Schiphol Group’s pension plans mentioned above, one of RSG’s Subsidiaries applies a 
non-material defined-benefit plan, with actuarial results and re-measurements being recognised directly 
through other comprehensive income. 
The ABP pension regulations do not contain provisions on additional contributions to the fund 
and/or withdrawals from it in respect of Royal Schiphol Group’s share in surpluses or deficits of the pension 
fund. Consequently, any surpluses and deficits will depend on the actual and expected financial position 
of the pension fund as reflected in the funding ratio and could result in changes to the level of contributions 
payable by Royal Schiphol Group in the future. Such contributions could have a material adverse effect on 
Royal Schiphol Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value 
or payment of interest under the Notes 
EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed ‘benchmarks’ are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective, including Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the 
“EU BMR”) and Article 36 of the EU BMR as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK BMR”), while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such ‘benchmarks’ to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any securities linked to a ‘benchmark’. 
The EU BMR and the UK BMR apply to the provision of benchmarks and the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark within the EU or the UK (as applicable) and prevent certain uses by EU- or UK-
supervised entities (as applicable) of ‘benchmarks’ of unauthorised administrators. The EU BMR and the UK 
BMR, together with other international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of ‘benchmarks’ could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a ‘benchmark’ and complying with any such regulations or requirements and have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to a ‘benchmark’. Such reforms could result in changes to the manner of administration of 
‘benchmarks’, with the result that such ‘benchmarks’ may perform differently than in the past (and such 
changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level) or may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain ‘benchmarks’, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
‘benchmarks’ or lead to the disappearance of certain ‘benchmarks’. 
The disappearance of a ‘benchmark’ or changes in the manner of administration of a ‘benchmark’ 
could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the 
calculation agent, delisting or other consequences in relation to securities linked to such ‘benchmark’. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR, SOFR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Notes.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR, SOFR or any other benchmark was discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on any Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (as further described in Condition 
4(c) and Condition 4(b)(ii)(c)). Depending on the manner in which such benchmark is to be determined under 
the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the relevant rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or may provide a different result than if such benchmark had continued or 
continued to be administered in its previous form; or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied in the previous period when such benchmark was available. In circumstances 
where the benchmark continues to be available but is administered differently or performs differently, this 
could result in adverse consequences for Notes linked to such benchmark, including a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant benchmark could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to 
meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Notes. Investors should note that the relevant Issuer, in consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, will have discretion to adjust the reference rate in the circumstances provided under the 
Terms and Conditions. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can 
be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder. Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Notes. An application of fixed rate based on the rate which applied in 
the previous period when such benchmark could result in the market value of the Notes being adversely 
affected as the risk profile of the Notes would have changed from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as 
reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and a lack of the development of an active market (or a significant 
development in market standard that are not reflected by the terms of the Notes) may adversely affect the 
liquidity of the Notes or their market value 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as reference 
rate in the capital markets for U.S. dollar bonds, and its adoption as the alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of notes referencing SOFR, but also how widely SOFR and related 
methodologies might be adopted. 
Interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average are only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant observation period or Interest Period (as applicable) and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design 
alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including applying term SOFR (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average of SOFR over a designated term, as it is an overnight rate) or 
different measures of SOFR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. If SOFR does not prove to be widely used in 
securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than 
those of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. The relevant Issuer may in the future also issue 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that

--- Page 26 ---
26 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
The manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may also 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes 
linked to SOFR issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. Furthermore, 
the methodology for determining Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average used to determine the Rate of 
Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes.  
Since SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SOFR Average may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR such as the spread 
over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SOFR does not prove 
to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, the 
trading price of such Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average may be lower than 
those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell 
such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk.  
Risks relating to SOFR benchmark transition. 
If Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes, and the relevant Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the relevant Issuer will appoint 
an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) to determine (in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by 
reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined in accordance with the benchmark transition 
provisions described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C).  
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made 
by the relevant Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant 
Notes in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the 
characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark 
Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such 
Notes. 
The Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), provides for a ‘waterfall’ 
of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. The first alternative rate in the waterfall for U.S. 
dollar LIBOR is Term SOFR, a forward-looking rate which will be based on SOFR. However, Term SOFR 
does not exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and there is no guarantee that Term SOFR will exist 
prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date. Even if Term SOFR is 
developed, it is unclear whether it will be a suitable replacement or successor for U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
Assuming Term SOFR does not exist at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date, the second alternative rate in the waterfall for U.S. dollar LIBOR is Compounded Daily

--- Page 27 ---
27 
SOFR. Compounded Daily SOFR is the compounded average of daily SOFR rates that is expected to be 
calculated in arrears, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate. However, there currently is no 
uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR. Uncertainty 
surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of Term SOFR and 
Compounded Daily SOFR and whether either alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement or successor 
for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
In addition, the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical 
performance. Levels of SOFR following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as 
correlations, may change in the future. While, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, some pre-publication 
historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, such analysis inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to 
predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be inferred from any of the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no 
bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of ‘Benchmark Replacement’ in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) also are uncertain. Even after the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA 
Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the 
definition of ‘Benchmark Replacement’ is unavailable or indeterminable, the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer, will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the 
relevant Notes. The substitution of a Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect 
the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or its successor) as administrator of SOFR  may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including 
changes related to the method by which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable 
to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. 
In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR, in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions. An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. Such changes, 
alterations, discontinuation or suspension could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing 
or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of SOFR, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading price of, and return on, the Notes referencing SOFR (including potential rates 
of interest thereon). 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a

--- Page 28 ---
28 
floating rate, or vice versa, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer 
may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant 
Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost 
of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes and may be 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant 
lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to general changes in interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure 
to green assets 
The Issuers may issue Notes under the Programme where the net proceeds are specified in the Final 
Terms to be used specifically for Eligible Projects (as defined in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” below) 
in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall be set out in item 3(i) of Part B (Reasons 
for the offer and use of proceeds) of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such specified use of 
proceeds are referred to as “Green Bonds”). The relevant Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds from any 
issue of Green Bonds Notes to finance or refinance Eligible Projects, in line with Green Finance Framework 
of RSG (as defined in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" below) or any other sustainability framework(s) 
that RSG may publish from time to time, and/or which the relevant Issuer expects will adhere to the Green 
Bond Principles as published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) from time to time 
(the “Principles”). However, as the Principles may change over time, there is a possibility that the Eligible 
Projects and any sustainability framework(s) that RSG may publish from time to time may no longer (fully) 
align with the Principles in the future. 
While the Principles do provide a high-level framework, there is currently no market consensus on 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as ‘green’ (including, 
without limitation, the attributes defining a ‘green building’), and therefore no assurance can be given by the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of proceeds by the relevant 
Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the relevant Issuer has identified as 
Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any listing criteria, investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct

--- Page 29 ---
29 
or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Eligible Projects. 
No formal or consensus definition of a ‘sustainable’ (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a ‘green bond’ or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development 
by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical 
screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. 
A proposal for a Regulation to create a “European Green Bond Standard” was published by the European 
Commission on 6 July 2021 (the “European Green Bond Standard Proposal”). On 28 February 2023, the 
Council published that a provisional agreement was reached with the European Parliament in relation hereto 
(the “European Green Bond Standard Provisional Agreement”). Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given 
by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects will 
satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the European Green Bond Standard Proposal, the Green Bond 
Standard Provisional Agreement, the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time. Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects will satisfy the requisite 
criteria of any legislation in any other jurisdiction (including the United Kingdom) relating to ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities (which may or may not) align with the 
European framework for such securities. 
No assurance that Green Bonds are a "sustainable investment" for the purposes of SFDR 
No assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger or the Dealers that an 
investment in Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be a ‘sustainable investment’ for the purposes 
of the Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on 
sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector (Regulation 2019/2088) ("SFDR") or 
‘environmentally sustainable investment’ for the purposes of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation 
or eligible or suitable for inclusion in portfolios supporting investment products that promote environmental 
or social characteristics or have a sustainable investment as their objective, in either case for the purposes of 
the SFDR. The SFDR entered into force on 29 December 2019 and the majority of the new disclosure 
obligations took effect on 10 March 2021. 
Under the SFDR a ‘sustainable investment’ means an investment in an economic activity that 
contributes to an environmental or a social objective, provided that such investments do not significantly 
harm any of those objectives and that the investee companies follow good governance practices. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves whether these requirements are met and accordingly whether any 
investment in Green Bonds represents a sustainable investment for the purposes of SFDR.   
Prospective investors will need to make their own assessment of the principal adverse sustainability 
impacts of an investment in any Green Bonds 
The SFDR may require certain prospective investors to integrate in their processes, including in 
their due diligence processes, procedures for considering the principal adverse impacts of an investment 
alongside the relevant financial risks and relevant sustainability risks. While the Principles provide high-level 
guidance on issuer processes to identify mitigants to known material risks of negative social and/or 
environmental impacts, there can be no assurance that any information made available to prospective 
investors in this Prospectus or otherwise will be enable such investors to make the requisite consideration of 
the principle adverse impact of an investment in any Green Bonds.  Prospective investors will also have to 
make their own assessment as to whether any such investment does not significantly harm any environmental 
or social objective.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
No assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply 
any proceeds of Green Bonds to such Eligible Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to investors in Green Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
No obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Eligible Projects or monitor the use of proceeds 
of Green Bonds 
Furthermore, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any 
eligibility criteria relating to Green Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the Eligible Projects will satisfy 
the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds in connection with the issue of any 
Green Bonds or (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the relevant Issuer to particular Eligible Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, 
the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
certification or report of any third party, (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and/or any sustainability framework established 
by RSG, and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification will not be, and shall not 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification will be addressed to the relevant Issuer and the 
provider of the opinion or certification will accept liability only to the relevant Issuer. Such opinion or 
certificate will only be current as of the date on which it is initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Green 
Bonds. As at the date of the Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. However, pursuant to the European Green Bond Standard 
Proposal, providers of such opinions would be required to be registered and supervised by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) in the future. Furthermore, Noteholders will have no recourse 
against the provider of the second party opinion. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated) or segment thereof, no representation or assurance is given by 
the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission or 
display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria. Any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed 
on any stock exchange or securities market or segment thereof as aforesaid, will not (i) give rise to any claim 
of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or 
constitute a default by the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor for any other purpose, (iii) lead to a right 
or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to require 
redemption of its Notes or (iv) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other

--- Page 31 ---
31 
amounts in respect of any Green Bonds or otherwise affect the Terms and Conditions. 
Failure by the relevant Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to finance 
and/or refinance any Eligible Projects would not be an Event of Default 
Any failure by the relevant Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to finance 
and/or refinance any Eligible Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification by a third party or 
any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on will not (i) give rise to any 
claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer (or the relevant Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or 
constitute a default by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor for any other purpose, (iii) lead to a right or 
obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to require 
redemption of its Green Bonds or (iv) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any 
other amounts in respect of any Green Bonds or otherwise affect the Terms and Conditions.  
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
the relevant Issuer’s investment in Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without 
limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Green Bonds not 
meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased 
volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Bonds). 
B. Risks related to Notes generally 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit modification, 
authorisation, waivers and determination, and which permit the relevant Issuer to agree to 
substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant 
Issuer, in each case without the consent of all investors (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent may, without the consent 
of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to any modification of, or 
to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard of the interest of the Noteholders, agree to substitution of 
another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the relevant Issuer in the circumstances 
described in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Any such modification, authorisation, waiver, determination or substitution may be contrary to the 
interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or 
investment objectives to a Noteholder. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such

--- Page 32 ---
32 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The recognition of Notes in New Global Note form as eligible collateral for the monetary policy 
of the Eurosystem will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant 
time 
The new global note (“NGN”) form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt 
instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral 
for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”) and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However, in any 
particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the 
relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria, as updated from time to time and generally published on the website of the European 
Central Bank. If the Notes do not satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, the Notes will not be eligible 
collateral of the Eurosystem and this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
C. Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or it may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the relevant Guarantor will 
make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in relation to the relevant Notes, described under “Form of the Notes”). This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the 
relevant Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates (including credit 
spreads) subsequently increase above the interest rate paid on Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may 
be more attractive to investors. 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation  
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the 
real rate of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced as inflation rates increase, which was the 
case in 2022, and may be negative if the inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes. 
In this scenario, the value of the Notes will be adversely affected as comparative investments which provide 
a real rate of interest in excess of the real rate of interest earned on the Notes will be more attractive.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by UK-
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation; subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied. If the status of rating agency rating the Notes 
changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the 
Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity 
in the secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front 
cover of this Prospectus and, in respect of any issue of Notes, will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. As 
used herein, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus 
and to the best of their knowledge of each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
None of RSG, Schiphol Nederland or the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability of the Green 
Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible 
Projects (as defined below) meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, the expression “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
Consequently no key information document required by the Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend

--- Page 35 ---
35 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(A) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”);  
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the “SFA”), the relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of each of the Issuers and from the 
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, in the case of Notes listed on a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, on RSG’s  website. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in any document incorporated by reference shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus by a statement modifying or superseding such statement made by way of a supplement to the Prospectus 
prepared pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
None of the Dealers, the Agent (as defined below), the Paying Agents and ABN AMRO Bank N.V. in its 
capacity as listing agent (the “Listing Agent”) has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the Listing Agent as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other information provided by RSG 
and/or Schiphol Nederland in connection with the Programme. ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (in its capacity as Listing 
Agent) is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers and is not itself seeking admission of these Notes 
to Euronext Amsterdam or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
No person is or has been authorised by RSG, Schiphol Nederland, the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying 
Agents or the Listing Agent to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by RSG, Schiphol Nederland, any of the Dealers, the Agent, the Paying Agents or the Listing 
Agent. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should be considered as a recommendation by RSG, Schiphol Nederland or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase 
any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Guarantor and should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus,

--- Page 36 ---
36 
and its purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of RSG, Schiphol Nederland or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning RSG and/or Schiphol Nederland is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended and/or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, 
in the condition (financial or otherwise) of RSG and/or Schiphol Nederland since the date thereof or, if later, the 
date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended and/or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of RSG or Schiphol Nederland during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the financial statements incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any Notes (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None 
of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and the Dealers represents that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by RSG, Schiphol Nederland or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the Netherlands, the United States, 
the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and the Republic of France (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
All references in this document to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the District of 
Columbia (the “U.S.” and the “United States”), to “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, to “Sterling” and “£” 
are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to 
“Australian dollars” are to the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia and to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” 
are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union as defined 
in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see the 
section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on websites to which this Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of the Series of which 
such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Stabilisation transactions conducted on Euronext Amsterdam must be conducted by a Member of Euronext 
Amsterdam on behalf of the initial purchasers. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) as administrator or the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as administrator, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI is included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR and the register of administrators and benchmarks (the “UK Benchmarks 
Register”) established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of UK BMR. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not appear on the ESMA Benchmarks Register or the UK 
Benchmarks Register. As far as the Issuers are aware, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not required to be 
registered under the ESMA Benchmarks Register by virtue of Article 2 of the EU BMR or the UK Benchmarks 
Register by virtue of Article 2 of the UK BMR. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU BMR and/or UK BMR is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, no Issuer intends to update the Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The information on the pages specified below of the following documents which have previously 
been published and have been filed with the Competent Authority is incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus and, as such, forms part of this Prospectus: 
(a) 
RSG Annual Report 2022 (English version), pages 144 to 235 (inclusive) containing the 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of Royal 
Schiphol Group (including the notes thereto and the auditor’s report hereon on pages 229 
to 235 (inclusive)) in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/annual-reports/; and 
(b) 
RSG Annual Report 2021 (English version), pages 130 to 225 (inclusive) containing the 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of Royal 
Schiphol Group (including the notes thereto and the auditor’s report hereon on pages 219 
to 225 (inclusive)) in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/download/b2b/1677075261/2eFwazvcfkxTRY0wL2Kwxp.pdf
;  
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes from the Prospectus dated 29 April 2022 on pages 
54-96 
(inclusive) 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/download/b2b/1651474738/3KePSJNh3LUTQcvWjpr8Rs.pdf 
; and 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes from the Prospectus dated 13 April 2021 on pages 
50-82 
(inclusive) 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/download/b2b/1618383439/1eA1xk0uUtHXDL0T6jUM8B.p
df. 
Those parts of the Annual Reports referred to above which are not incorporated by reference are, 
to the extent that such information is relevant for the investors, covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers 
and approved by the Competent Authority in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
in any such supplement) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The Annual Reports of RSG referred to in (a) and (b) above, from which the above information 
is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, are available for viewing on RSG’s website, www.schiphol.nl, 
or (in the case of the latest report) directly on  https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/annual-
reports/. 
The 
Prospectus 
referred 
to 
in 
(c) 
above 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/emtn-programme/. 
RSG and Schiphol Nederland will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new individual (drawdown or base) 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuers: 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Issuers Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
724500XSMG4AYQ8NDK4 
2 (Royal Schiphol Group 
N.V.) 
724500DX7Q1A19SPY530 
(Schiphol Nederland B.V.) 
Guarantor of Notes issued by 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V.: 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Guarantor of Notes issued by Schiphol 
Nederland B.V.: 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued 
in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale” below) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described under “General Description of the 
Programme” above) outstanding at any time. RSG and Schiphol 
Nederland may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Programme or any 
Notes already issued. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of
the Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the
relevant Dealer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions (each as
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant
Series); or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate as may be specified in the
relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a
Minimum Rate of Interest or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period,
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference
Rate (that is not Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average) when
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the
relevant Issuer may (subject to the Conditions and following
consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine a Successor
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either case, an
Adjustment Spread if any and any Benchmark Amendments in
accordance with Condition 4(c). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs in relation to Compounded
Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, the Benchmark Replacement will
replace the then-current Benchmark in accordance with the
provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or
the Noteholders upon giving the required notice to the Noteholders
or, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer on a date or dates specified
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and
the relevant Dealer. 
Notes issued on terms that they must be redeemed before their first
anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and
distribution. See “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of
less than one year” above. 
Redemption pursuant to Issuer 
Residual Call: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant Notes
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the
relevant Issuer pursuant to an Issuer Residual Call. See “Terms and
Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption
at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Residual Call)” below. 
Redemption or purchase upon Change 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant Notes
may be redeemed or purchased prior to their stated maturity at the

--- Page 42 ---
42 
of Control: 
option of the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a Change of
Control. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and
Purchase – Redemption or Purchase upon Change of Control”
below. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the
relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading (i) on a
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be
at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or (ii) on
a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to
which only qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus
Regulation) have access within the UK or offered to the public in
the UK pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the FSMA will
be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction
of withholding taxes imposed within the Netherlands, subject as
provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is
made, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant
Guarantor, will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in
Condition 7, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as
further described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as
further described in Condition 9(a)(iii). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and,
subject to the provisions of Condition 3, unsecured obligations of
the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference
among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and to such exceptions
as exist by mandatory law) equally with all other present and future
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any)
of the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Guarantees: 
The Notes issued by RSG will be unconditionally and irrevocably
guaranteed by Schiphol Nederland. The Notes issued by Schiphol
Nederland will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by
RSG. The obligations of each Guarantor under the relevant
guarantee will be direct, unconditional and (subject to the
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant
Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred
by law) will rank pari passu and equally with all other unsecured
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
relevant Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes
issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months
from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to trading and
listed on Euronext Amsterdam. In addition,  
Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be,
on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, provided
that, in the case of a listing on a regulated market, a prospectus
supplement or individual (drawdown or base) prospectus is
published. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which
stock exchange(s) and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in
the Netherlands, the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom,
Japan and the Republic of France and such other restrictions as may
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular
Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not
applicable, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
Global Note (a “Permanent Global Note”), which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche of Notes to 
a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche of Notes to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary)” for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche of Notes are in NGN form, the applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche of Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale 
to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) 
has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact

--- Page 45 ---
45 
done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer would suffer a material 
disadvantage in respect of the Notes as a result of a change in the laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) 
of the Netherlands which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
to be in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE 
UNITED STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not 
be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with 
an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer and the Agent. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal and/or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO 
AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL 
INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL 
INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:  
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU 
(AS AMENDED, “MIFID II”); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE 2016/97/EU (AS AMENDED, THE 
“INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE”), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT 
QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF 
MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS AMENDED, 
THE “PROSPECTUS REGULATION”). 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE “PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA WILL BE 
PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING 
THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE 
PRIIPS REGULATION.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (“UK”). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
NO 2017/565, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE 
OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (“EUWA”); OR 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FSMA  AND 
ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT 
[DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, AS AMENDED]/[THE INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION 
DIRECTIVE], 
WHERE 
THAT 
CUSTOMER 
WOULD 
NOT 
QUALIFY 
AS 
A 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF 
REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014, AS AMENDED, AS IT FORMS PART OF UK 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) 
NO 1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUWA (AS 
AMENDED, THE “UK PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR 
 
1  
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 5).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN 
PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL 
UNDER THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
 
 
 
1  
This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” (See Part B, Para 5).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
[Date] 
 
[Royal Schiphol Group N.V./Schiphol Nederland B.V.] 
(with corporate seat at Schiphol, Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the 
Netherlands) 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Schiphol Nederland B.V.]/[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]  
under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme   
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 (the “Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Copies of the Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] are available for viewing 
[at [website]] [and] [during normal business hours, free of charge, at the registered office of the relevant 
Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Prospectus dated 4 May 2023 (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Copies of the Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] are available for viewing [at [website]] 
[and] [during normal business hours, free of charge, at the registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents].] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]/[Schiphol Nederland B.V.]
             (ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Schiphol Nederland B.V.]/[Royal Schiphol Group N.V.]
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
             (ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
             (iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
 
             consolidated and form a single 
 
             Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph
21 below, which is expected to occur on or about
[date]]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
             (i) 
Series (including this Tranche): 
[] 
             (ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or
equivalent are being used the following sample wording
should be followed: 
“at least €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above
€199,000.”) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
             (ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date]/[(for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment
Date falling in or nearest to [specify the relevant month
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] 
month 
[EURIBOR][Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR]/[SOFR Average] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity
Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100
per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes may constitute
derivative securities for the purpose of the Prospectus
Regulation and the requirements of Annex XII to the
Prospectus Regulation will apply, which would trigger an
individual (drawdown or base) prospectus.) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
[Change of Control Put] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[]/[] and []/[], [], [] and [] in each year up to and
including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
 
form) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
[]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 Reference Rate: 
[] month [EURIBOR]/[Compounded Daily 
SOFR]/[SOFR Average] 
 Interest Determination Date(s): 
[]/[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days (as 
defined in the Conditions) falling prior to the Interest 
Payment Date)] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR, If SOFR insert: The 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined 
in the Conditions) falling prior to the Interest Payment 
Date) 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/[New York Federal Reserve’s Website] 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 Reset Date: 
[] 
 ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(ARRC Fallbacks)) and Condition 4(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is applicable and is [not] applicable] 
 
[Condition 4(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation) is 
applicable and Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is [not] applicable] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15.  
Notice periods for Condition 6(b): 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
16. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s), 
and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole Amount][In
the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [
]]/[in the period (the Par Call Period) from and including
[insert date] (the Par Call Period Commencement Date)
to but excluding [date]][and [[] per Calculation Amount] 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on
[]/in the period from and including [date] to but
excluding [date]] 
(Need to specify basis for discount to date of redemption
of Reference Bond Rate if other than annual) 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
(iv) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] 
(v) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Higher Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(vii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 53 ---
53 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
17. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[] 
18. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 
per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes may constitute 
derivative securities for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex XII to the 
Prospectus Regulation will apply, which would trigger 
an individual (drawdown or base) prospectus.) 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 54 ---
54 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
Form: 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes
[on 60 days’ notice given at any time]/[only upon an
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time]/[only upon
an Exchange Event]] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice at any time option should
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes
language substantially to the following effect: “€100,000
and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to
and including €199,000.” Furthermore, such Specified
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive
Notes.) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 13(iv) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments,
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be
made]/[No] 
25. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal name]
[appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the
register of administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained by [ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended][the FCA
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in 
these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of

--- Page 55 ---
55 
such information. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware 
and are able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]:
Signed on behalf of [name of the Guarantor]:
 
By
................................................................
 
By
................................................................
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
56 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for example, 
Euronext 
in 
Amsterdam)] 
with 
effect 
from 
[].]/[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market (for 
example, Euronext in Amsterdam)] with effect from 
[].]/[Not Applicable.] 
(N.B. Note that where the Issuer intends to seek 
admission to trading on (an) additional regulated 
market(s) in (an) additional member state(s) of the 
EEA or the UK other than the one(s) provided for in 
the Prospectus, a supplemental prospectus will be 
required.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]  
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated][are 
expected to be rated]: 
[S&P:  []] 
[Moody’s: []] 
[Other: Include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this deviates from the 
explanations given in section “General Information” 
published by the rating provider.][]]  
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
3.           REASON FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reason for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes]/[Green Bonds: To 
[finance][refinance] Eligible Projects as more 
particularly described under “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Prospectus. [Specify any other Green Bond use of 
proceeds and/or third-party compliance agency]] 
[If 
possible, 
Issuer 
to 
include 
the 
(expected/envisaged) impact, such as the expected 
reduction in CO2 emissions, for each Green Bond 
issued under this programme in order to clarify the 
(expected/envisaged) impact of the relevant issuance.] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(iii) 
Total net proceeds: 
[] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interests, that is material to the issue,
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the
following statement:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers]/[Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D]/[TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii)       CFI Code:  
[Not Applicable/[     ]] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(iv) 
  FISN Code: 
[Not Applicable/[     ]] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s)[and 
address(es)]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
(viii)  
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Royal Schiphol Group 
N.V. (“RSG”) or Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland” and, together with RSG in its capacity as 
an issuer, the “Issuers” and each an “Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and  
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Reference herein to the “relevant Issuer” and “relevant Guarantor” shall be to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor of the Notes named in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), respectively. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 4 May 2023 and made between RSG in its capacity both as an Issuer and a 
Guarantor, Schiphol Nederland in its capacity both as an Issuer and a Guarantor (together with RSG in its 
capacity as a Guarantor, the “Guarantors” and each, a “Guarantor”) of Notes issued by RSG), Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor agent), the other paying agents named therein (together, unless the 
context otherwise requires, with the Agent and the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall mean the holders of the Notes, and 
shall in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of Talons.  
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on 
this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions (these “Conditions”). References to the “applicable 
Final Terms” are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents and 
electronically save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only 
be available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its

--- Page 60 ---
60 
holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are 
bound by, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The relevant Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat 
the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and 
the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal and/or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may 
otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves, and (subject as aforesaid and to such exceptions 
as exist by mandatory law) equally with all other present and future unsecured obligations (other

--- Page 61 ---
61 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantees 
The due performance of all payment and other obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes 
and Coupons, these Conditions and the Agency Agreement has been, where the relevant Issuer is 
RSG, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (as more particularly defined in the Agency 
Agreement, the “Schiphol Nederland Guarantee”) by Schiphol Nederland in its capacity as a 
guarantor under the Agency Agreement and, where the relevant Issuer is Schiphol Nederland, 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (as more particularly defined in the Agency 
Agreement, the “RSG Guarantee”) by RSG in its capacity as a guarantor under the Agency 
Agreement (as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement, the RSG Guarantee together 
with the Schiphol Nederland Guarantee, the “Guarantees” and each, a “Guarantee”). The 
obligations of each Guarantor under the relevant Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and (subject as 
aforesaid, and save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank and will rank pari 
passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of such Guarantor, 
present and future, but only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in Condition 14), neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the relevant Guarantor will, and RSG will procure that none of the Principal Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Condition 9), if any, will, hereafter create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other security interest on any of its present or future undertakings or assets or enter into any 
arrangement, the practical effect of which is to grant or permit to be outstanding similar security, in any 
case in respect of any Obligation of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal 
Subsidiary, or any Obligation of any other person, in each case without at the same time securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security therefor or as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Condition 14) of the Noteholders. 
“Obligation” means any present or future indebtedness evidenced by bonds, debentures or 
other securities which, at the request or with the concurrence of the relevant issuer, are quoted or traded 
for the time being, or are capable of being quoted or traded, on any stock exchange or other recognised 
market for securities. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an interest amount in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by 
the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one

--- Page 63 ---
63 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number 
of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls within the Interest Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, save in 
respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or 
SOFR Average, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed 
and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after the 
scheduled final Interest Payment Date; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” 
(A) 
means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final Terms) a day 
which is both: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (known as T2) (or any 
successor system, “T2”) is open; 
(B) 
means (in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final Terms) any 
weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorized or required by law 
or regulation to be closed. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and, subject to any 
amendments resulting from any Benchmark Amendments pursuant to Condition 4(c), on 
the following basis: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) provided that in any 
circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Agent acting as Calculation 
Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation 
Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the relevant Issuer or its 
designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the relevant ISDA Definitions (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) 
(the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), (i) “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified hereon as the applicable ISDA Definitions, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall 
be disapplied. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Reference Rate other than Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified hereon is not Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the Euro-
zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent, or failing which 
the relevant Issuer, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, at approximately the Specified Time, on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at approximately the Specified Time, on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin (if any) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin (if any) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin (if any) relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Reference Rate cannot be determined because of 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Reference Rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(c).  
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Agent or failing which the relevant 
Issuer; and 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4(c) and as provided below) be 
Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" will be, with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any SOFR Observation 
Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" is, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period, is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i 
+ 1"); 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, such number representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days and which shall not be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(being 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Prospectus 
at

--- Page 68 ---
68 
http://www.newyorkfed.org), or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method), for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, a reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of 
that day “i”; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method), for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, a reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to that day "i"; 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest for Notes for which "Screen Rate 
Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of Default), in respect of Notes for which "Screen Rate 
Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SOFR, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
SOFR Average as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as

--- Page 69 ---
69 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR Average, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4(c) or Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C) (as applicable) and as provided below) be SOFR Average plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to 
(but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd; 
"Index Determination Date" means an Index Determination Start Date or an Index 
Determination End Date, as the case may be; 
"p" means the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such number 
representing a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days and which 
shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five without the 
prior written consent of the Calculation Agent;  
"SOFR Administrator" has the meaning ascribed to it under the heading 
"Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
"SOFR Administrators Website" has the meaning ascribed to it under the heading 
"Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
"SOFR Average" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
dc
) 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period (an "Index Determination Start Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating 
to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (an "Index 
Determination End Date"); 
"SOFR Determination Time" has the meaning ascribed to it in paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "SOFR" under the heading "Compounded Daily SOFR as the 
Reference Rate" above; 
The "SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall be the value as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at the SOFR Determination Time; and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" has the meaning ascribed to it under 
the heading "Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
Subject as set out in Condition 4(c) and 4(b)(ii)(C) below (as applicable), if the 
SOFR Index is not published on any relevant Index Determination Date, and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, "SOFR Average" means, for an Interest Determination Date with respect

--- Page 70 ---
70 
to an Interest Period, USD-SOFR-COMPOUND, i.e., the daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of such 
interest is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)), calculated in accordance 
with only the formula and definitions required for such formula set forth in USD-
SOFR-COMPOUND of Supplement number 57 (for the avoidance of doubt, 
without applying any fallbacks included therein) to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.), as 
published on 16 May 2018 (and for the purposes of such provisions, references to 
"Calculation Period" shall mean, the period from and including the date which is 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Period to, but excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (or if the Notes 
become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default), the 
date on which the Notes become due and payable (or, if such date is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such date) and references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Event" shall mean Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below)). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred during such Interest Period, the provisions below under Condition 4(c) 
and (4(b)(ii)(C) (as applicable) shall apply to such Interest Period and any future 
Interest Periods (subject to the occurrence of any future Benchmark Transition 
Event). 
(C) 
Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks) 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) shall apply to all Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified as Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final 
Terms and Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3(b) if for any Reset Date 
or Interest Determination Date the relevant Issuer determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof), the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine (in consultation with 
the relevant Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement which will replace the then-
current Benchmark (or such component) for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent Interest Determination Dates (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this provision). 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant Issuer, will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the relevant Issuer, pursuant to this section, including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer, as applicable; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party 
(including the Calculation Agent and the Agents). 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR 
Average and if the relevant Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
the Independent Adviser does not determine and give notice to the Calculation 
Agent of a Benchmark Replacement as provided above five business days prior to 
the next Interest Determination Date, then SOFR Average shall be determined by 
the relevant Issuer in accordance with USD-SOFR-COMPOUND as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Where: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average as such 
terms are defined above; provided that if for any Interest Determination Date the 
relevant Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, as the case may be 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is LIBOR for U.S. Dollars, 
the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant Issuer, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded Daily SOFR (as determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) above) using "shift" as the 
Observation Method and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof) and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(D) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(E) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected 
by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer, as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
reference rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(or such component) for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate

--- Page 72 ---
72 
notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR 
or SOFR Average, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
relevant Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof) and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(B) 
 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected 
by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer, as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
reference rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(or such component) for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation 
with the relevant Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
relevant Issuer, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts and other administrative matters 
(including changes to the fallback provisions)) that the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer, decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer, decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not

--- Page 73 ---
73 
administratively feasible or if the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
relevant Issuer, determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer, determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that the Benchmark (or such component) is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business 
day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
"Independent Adviser" means a reputable independent financial institution or other 
reputable independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time; 
The definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions shall be 
deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback 
Observation Day” means in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or 
any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset 
Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding 
the related Payment Date; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) of the applicable tenor excluding any 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means the 
SOFR Determination Time, or (if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred), the time determined by the 
Independent Adviser, in consultation with the relevant Issuer, after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor based on SOFR (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) above) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
In the event Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions, Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR 
Average, as the case may be, will be (i) that determined at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest (minus the Margin) which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the scheduled first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 75 ---
75 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2 −Y1)] + [30×(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360

--- Page 76 ---
76 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360×(Y2 −Y1)] + [30×(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided however that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer and any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the accrued interest or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
the Rate of Interest so calculated need be made. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
and bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the relevant Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the relevant Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, with a view to the relevant Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Advisor shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the relevant Issuer in connection with any determination made by the relevant Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c). 
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor, or (ii) the relevant 
Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 4(c)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(c).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in

--- Page 79 ---
79 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(c)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4(c)) and be deemed to be the Original Reference Rate such that 
in case the Successor Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this would 
constitute a Benchmark Event; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)) and be 
deemed to be the Original Reference Rate such that in case the Alternative Rate 
were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this would constitute a Benchmark 
Event. 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c) and the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(c)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Paying Agents of a 
certificate signed by authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 
4(c)(v), the Paying Agents shall (at the expense and direction of the relevant Issuer), without 
any requirements for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with 
the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments and the Paying Agents shall 
not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Paying Agents 
shall not be obliged to concur if in the opinion of the Paying Agents doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Paying 
Agents in these Conditions and/or any documents to which they are a party in any way.   
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(iv), the 
relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Following any Benchmark Amendment, if it becomes generally accepted market practice

--- Page 80 ---
80 
in the area of publicly listed new issues of notes to use a benchmark rate of interest which 
is different from the Alternative Rate or Successor Rate which had already been adopted by 
the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes pursuant to any Benchmark Amendment, the 
relevant Issuer is entitled to apply a further Benchmark Amendment in line with such 
generally accepted market practice pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(iv). 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(c) will be notified promptly 
by the relevant Issuer to the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Paying Agents of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to 
the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer: 
 (A)  confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and (d) the specific term of the Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(c); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) (and without prejudice to the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Agents 
and the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents shall not be liable to the 
Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any 
such person. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c), if in the Paying Agents’ opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 4(c), the Paying Agents shall promptly 
notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the relevant Issuer 
shall direct the Paying Agents in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Paying Agents are not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable 
to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Paying Agents shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 4(c)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the Agency 
Agreement will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4(c)(v). 
(i) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(c): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the relevant 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for the parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith, is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) (if the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Advisor and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that no 
such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the relevant Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the relevant 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with Condition 4(c)(ii) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as 
the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(iv).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within 
the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is or will be as of a certain date, no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market and that such representativeness will 
not be restored; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within 
the following six months; or 
(vi) it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited for any Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Original 
Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer 
under Condition 4(c)(i) and notified in writing to the Agents. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
 any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that is a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate and which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. When a Zero Coupon Note becomes repayable prior to its Maturity Date it will be 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii). In the 
case of late payment the amount due and repayable shall be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(i). 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue 
to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(2) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Notes 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that affect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 or individually. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the United States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry 
of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of such definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation 
or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented, 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share 
of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
if: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on such Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor, any adverse tax consequences to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(f)(ii)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will 
be redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other

--- Page 86 ---
86 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 
or the relevant Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, the 
Netherlands having power to tax, or any change in the application of any official or 
generally accepted practice of any such authority therein or thereof or in the application or 
official interpretation of any official or generally accepted interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by 
two Directors (or if there is one Director, a Director) of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may 
be, two Directors (or if there is one Director, a Director) of the relevant Guarantor stating that 
the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to do have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing approved by the Agent to the 
effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Agent 
shall be entitled to accept the certificate and the opinion as sufficient evidence of satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of 
such notice the relevant Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Independent 
Financial Adviser equal to the higher of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes

--- Page 87 ---
87 
to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (or such other basis as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption 
Margin. Any such notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one 
or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer’s 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer it is sole discretion) by 
the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date as delayed. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Any redemption in part must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
or a Higher Redemption Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such 
date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c): 
“IFA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Independent 
Financial Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out or 
if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the IFA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the 
Independent Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer (or 
the Independent Financial Adviser on its behalf), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Independent Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed 
in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Independent Financial Adviser by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (or, if a Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from (and including) the date on which such 
Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (or, if a Par Call Period 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Residual Call) 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series 
issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days' notice to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at the 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder 
of this Note must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during 
the normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory 
to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note, or is in definitive form and held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of the relevant clearing system (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common

--- Page 89 ---
89 
depositary therefor to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at 
the same time present, or procure the presentation of, the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at its nominal amount; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)𝑦 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(g) 
Purchases 
RSG, Schiphol Nederland, any other Subsidiary of RSG may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the purchaser’s option, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. Upon a cancellation of Notes represented by a Global Note, the nominal 
amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced by the nominal amount of 
such Notes so cancelled.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (f)(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the fifth day after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(j) 
Redemption or purchase upon Change of Control 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms and whilst any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, a Change of Control and a Negative Rating Event occur within the Change of 
Control Period and continue until the end of the Change of Control Period (a “Put Event”), each 
holder of any Note shall have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the 
relevant Issuer to redeem (or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, to purchase (or to procure the 
purchase of)) such Note, in whole (but not in part) on the date falling 7 Business Days after the end 
of the Put Period (as defined below) (such date a “Put Date”) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. Following the 
occurrence of a Put Event, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the end of the 
Change of Control Period, the relevant Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of the 
occurrence of the Put Event (the “Put Event Notification”). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the Note must, if it is in definitive form 
and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver this Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the period of 10 Business Days after the relevant Put Event Notification is given (the “Put 
Period”), accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the Note is in definitive form, it should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression, if applicable, shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued 
on exchange of unmatured Talons) maturing after the Put Date, failing which (i) if this Note is a 
Fixed Rate Note, the amount of any such missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment and (ii) if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void. In the case of (i) above, each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner provided in Condition 5 against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
If the Note is represented by a Global Note, or is in definitive form and held on behalf of Euroclear

--- Page 91 ---
91 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the relevant clearing system (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary therefor to 
the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present, or 
procure the presentation of, the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
If this Note is in definitive form, the Paying Agent to which this Note and the related Put Notice 
are delivered will issue to the relevant Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect 
of this Note. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified 
a bank account in the Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date by transfer to 
that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation and 
surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent. A Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and 
the Notes are to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 9, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
provision. For the purposes of this provision and the Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this 
Condition shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
The relevant Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes on the Put Date 
unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
A “Change of Control” means that the State of the Netherlands (Staat der Nederlanden) ceases to 
(I) own directly or indirectly (through any municipality, governmental body and/or governmental 
organisation) more than 50% of the total issued share capital of RSG; or (II) have the power directly 
or indirectly (through any municipality, governmental body and/or governmental organisation) to 
cast, or control the casting of, more than 50% of the maximum number of votes that may be cast at 
general meetings of RSG. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period (i) commencing on the earlier of (x) any public 
announcement or statement of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, any person acting on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser 
acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control or (y) 
the date of the first public announcement of the Change of Control having occurred, and (ii) ending 
on the 180th day (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
“Negative Rating Event” means either (a) the public announcement by a relevant Rating Agency of 
a Rating which is less favourable than an Investment Grade Rating, or (b) if at the time of the 
Change of Control (i) there is no publicly announced rating by any Rating Agency solicited by the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s 
financial strength or senior and unsecured indebtedness and (ii) no Rating Agency assigns during 
the Change of Control Period an Investment Grade Rating to the Notes (unless the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Guarantor are unable to obtain such a rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the Change 
of Control); provided, in each case, that a Negative Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a 
particular change in rating, or failure to obtain an Investment Grade Rating shall be deemed not to 
have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change 
in or withdrawing the rating, or failing to award an Investment Grade Rating, to which this 
definition would otherwise apply does not confirm that the withdrawal, reduction or such failure 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, 
or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a Rating of BBB- or higher in the case of a rating issued by S&P

--- Page 92 ---
92 
and Baa3 or higher in the case of a Rating issued by Moody’s. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody's France SAS 
(“Moody’s”) and their respective successors to their ratings business. 
“Rating” means the publicly announced rating by any Rating Agency solicited by the relevant 
Issuer or the relevant Guarantor of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s financial 
strength or senior and unsecured indebtedness. 
7. 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by the Netherlands 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the Netherlands; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who would be able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting any form or certificate and/or making a 
declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day, assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 5(e)); or 
(v) 
where a withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, as the 
case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Events of Default

--- Page 93 ---
93 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) shall have occurred, and be continuing, any 
Noteholder may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare to the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Guarantor any Note held by that holder to be forthwith immediately due and repayable 
at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of prepayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind being required: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and, in the case of payment of any interest, the default continues for a period 
of 14 days; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its 
other obligations under these Conditions upon notice to such effect being given to the 
relevant Issuer, or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor the failure continues 
for the period of 45 days next following the service on the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Guarantor of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the relevant Issuer, the 
relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary (as defined below) becomes due and 
repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment 
as extended by any originally applicable grace period or any security given by the relevant 
Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the relevant Issuer, the 
relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any other person, provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default 
unless the relative Indebtedness for Borrowed Money either alone or when aggregated with 
other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money relative to all (if any) other such events which 
shall have occurred and be continuing shall amount to at least €75,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) and provided further that an event mentioned in this paragraph (iii) 
shall not be included within the ambit of this paragraph (iii) if the obligation to pay the 
relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (or pursuant to the relevant guarantee or 
indemnity) is being disputed in good faith; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, 
save for the purposes of an amalgamation, consolidation, merger, reconstitution or 
reorganisation (a) where the relevant legal entity surviving such amalgamation, 
consolidation, merger, reconstitution or reorganisation expressly assumes all obligations of 
the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or (b) on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(v) 
if the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on the whole or at least 50% of its business, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, consolidation, merger, reconstitution or reorganisation (a) where the 
relevant legal entity surviving such amalgamation, consolidation, merger, reconstitution or 
reorganisation expressly assumes all obligations of the relevant Issuer, the relevant 
Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary, or (b) on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor 
or any Principal Subsidiary (i) files a request for bankruptcy within the meaning of Section 
1 of the Netherlands Bankruptcy Act (Faillisementswet), (ii) files a request for a 
moratorium of payments within the meaning of Section 213 of the Netherlands Bankruptcy 
Act, (iii) is declared bankrupt within the meaning of Section 1 of the Netherlands 
Bankruptcy Act by a judgment of a competent court in the Netherlands and such judgment

--- Page 94 ---
94 
is not removed or stayed within 45 days, (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or (v) any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of (i), (ii), (iii) or 
(iv) above; or 
(vi) 
if an executory attachment (executoriaal beslag) is made on any major part of the relevant 
Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s assets or on any major part of any Principal 
Subsidiary’s assets or if a conservatory attachment (conservatoir beslag) is made on all 
or substantially all of the relevant Issuer’s or the relevant Guarantor’s assets or on all or 
substantially all of any Principal Subsidiary’s assets and such attachment is not removed or 
lifted within 45 days or any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in this paragraph; or 
(vii) 
the relevant Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the relevant Guarantor not to be) in full force 
and effect, 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit (other than liabilities in respect of 
trade bills incurred in the ordinary course of trading) or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, 
private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or 
in part for a consideration other than cash. 
“Principal Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary (as defined below) (other than Schiphol Nederland) of 
RSG: 
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to RSG (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 15% of the consolidated gross revenues 
attributable to the shareholders of RSG, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, 
of RSG and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of RSG and its 
Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of RSG which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
 “Subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 24a of Book 2 of the 
Netherlands Civil Code. 
A report by the Auditors (as defined in the Agency Agreement) that in their opinion a Subsidiary 
of RSG is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period 
a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Paying Agents

--- Page 95 ---
95 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange 
or, as the case may be, other relevant authority; and 
(iii) 
 there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the Netherlands. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 5(d). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, and do not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which 
it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying 
agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published on the website 
of the Issuers and if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and such is required 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Euronext Amsterdam, in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the Netherlands The relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock 
exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been

--- Page 96 ---
96 
given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with any Paying Agent. Whilst 
any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Authorisation, Waiver and Determination 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings 
of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification or abrogation of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the 
Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or 
the relevant Guarantor and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer at the request of Noteholders holding not 
less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present holding or representing 
a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification or 
abrogation of certain provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing 
or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any 
adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all 
the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
“outstanding” means all the Notes issued other than inter alia those Notes which have been 
redeemed, purchased and cancelled or have become void pursuant to the Conditions, provided that, for the 
purposes of inter alia determining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of the Notes and 
determining how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for the purposes of this Condition 
14 (and Condition 9(a) and (b)), those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries in each case as beneficial owner, shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding, all as more particularly defined 
in the Agency Agreement. 
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which is not, in the opinion of the Agent, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or 
the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of the Agent, is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the 
Agent, proven or to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and Couponholders and, unless the Agent agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its powers, authorities or discretions (including, but 
without limitation, in relation to any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the 
Agent shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their 
number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Agent shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor, 
the Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any 
such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except, in the case of the relevant Issuer or the 
relevant Guarantor to the extent provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or 
in substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the relevant Issuer 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being 
required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, be replaced 
and substituted by the relevant Guarantor or any Subsidiary of RSG (the “Substituted Debtor”) as 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer as may 
be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Conditions 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the relevant Issuer and pursuant 
to which the relevant Guarantor (if not the Substituted Debtor) shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each 
Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in 
respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses (provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal 
effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes 
effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder as a result of any 
substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been so incurred or levied 
had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on

--- Page 98 ---
98 
any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of 
any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such 
tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been 
made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the relevant Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and the performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by 
each of the Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer under the Documents are all valid 
and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed on 
such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date 
of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; 
(vi) 
the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent 
of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the relevant Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
relevant Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
(vii) the relevant Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent 
of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor and the relevant Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than 
three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the relevant Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office 
of the Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the relevant Issuer 
nor the Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 16(a)(ii), shall be entitled 
to claim from the relevant Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the relative 
Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from 
such substitution. 
(c) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (g) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of

--- Page 99 ---
99 
the relevant Issuer and the Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release 
the relevant Issuer as issuer and, as applicable, the relevant Guarantor as guarantor, from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any 
claims under the Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons 
remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents 
shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the 
relevant Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and 
Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the 
relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(e) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
that the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes 
and the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons) and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection 
with these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have 
now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any 
claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further 
irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands’ courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of 
any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against RSG or 
Schiphol Nederland in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether 
concurrently or not.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, either:  
(a) for general corporate purposes; or  
(b) exclusively to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of new and/or existing Eligible 
Projects (the “Eligible Portfolio”).  
“Eligible Projects” means projects in the following categories: 
a) Green Buildings  
New or existing investments in or expenditures on properties which meet at least one of the following 
criteria: 
i. New, existing or refurbished buildings which have received at least one (or more) of the 
following classifications: 
(i) LEED2: Platinum or Gold  
(ii) BREEAM3: Outstanding, Excellent or Very Good 
(iii) EPBD4: A  
(iv) Refurbished buildings with at least two steps improvement in energy label up to at least 
EPBD label B. 
ii. Individual investments Green Buildings to ensure in environmental improvements such as 
renewable energy projects (e.g. solar panel installations), sustainable/circular furniture, energy 
efficient lighting (such as LED), thermal energy storage systems, cool roof and any other 
sustainability-oriented construction materials, waste diversion, collection and reduction, water 
and energy-saving technologies and materials and improvements recognised by sustainable 
rating systems. 
b) Clean Transportation 
New or existing investments in fixed electrical ground power and pre-conditioned air units5, zero 
emission equipment for remote handling, electric vehicles for passenger transportation at the airport premises, 
electric charging points for these vehicles, electric charging points for taxis and consumer cars, equipment 
for electric taxiing, investments to facilitate the development of sustainable aviation fuel facilities and 
investments to further improve access to public transportation. 
Only Tranches of Notes exclusively intended to finance or refinance Eligible Projects forming part 
of the selected Eligible Portfolio will be designated as “Green Bonds” and will be identified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The proceeds from any issue of Green Bonds will be managed by RSG in a portfolio approach. The 
 
2 LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) is a widely used green building rating system, which provides for a 
framework that can be used to create healthy, highly efficient and cost-savings green buildings. 
3 BREAAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) is a leading sustainability assessment method for 
amongst others infrastructure and buildings whereby it assesses and certifies an asset’s environmental, social and economic 
sustainability performance. 
4 EPBD is the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive, which is a European directive to enforce measurement of energy 
performance of buildings. Please note that the EPBD requires all new buildings from 2021 onwards to be nearly zero-energy buildings 
(NZEB). 
5 Schiphol provides for so-called fixed electrical ground power and pre-conditioned air units (in Dutch: Walstroom) whereby airplanes 
can dock to these facilities for electricity to perform cleaning and maintenance activities and support climate control, which prevents 
the use of kerosene or diesel-powered generators to perform these activities.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
relevant Issuer intends to allocate an amount equivalent to any proceeds from the Green Bonds to the Eligible 
Portfolio, in accordance with the Green Finance Framework of RSG. Whilst any Green Bond net proceeds 
remain unallocated, the relevant Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity 
portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments, the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to 
Eligible Projects forming part of the Eligible Portfolio. 
Eligible Projects are evaluated and selected by the ‘Schiphol Sustainability Committee’ in 
accordance with – and based on compliance with – the eligibility criteria set out above, as derived from a 
green bond framework initially published by RSG on 5 October 2018 and updated on 1 April 2020 (as further 
revised, updated or restated from time to time, the “Green Finance Framework of RSG”). In its 2022 Annual 
Report, RSG has identified EU Taxonomy eligible activities, however, RSG does not report alignment with 
the EU Taxonomy on these activities. 
RSG is expected to report on the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds and the 
environmental and social impact of projects funded therewith and to arrange for external review in connection 
with the Green Finance Framework of RSG or any issuance of Green Bonds, as per the Green Finance 
Framework of RSG. The Green Finance Framework of RSG has been reviewed by Vigeo Eiris who has issued 
a second party opinion (such second party opinion together with any other second party opinions provided 
from time to time, the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The information provided in this Prospectus in relation to the Green Finance Framework of RSG is 
in summarised form. Neither the Green Finance Framework of RSG nor the Second Party Opinion is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but is available for viewing on the website, 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/green-finance-framework/. The information on the website 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of 
any Second Party Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental criteria or standards. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligibility criteria and/or Eligible Projects described in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds 
and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of 
the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that any Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated by 
reference into, and will not form part of, this Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Any such Second Party 
Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant Green Bonds, 
their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or value of the 
Green Bonds. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is 
only current as of its date of issue.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
DESCRIPTION OF RSG 
 
Introduction 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (formerly: N.V. Luchthaven Schiphol) (“RSG”), was incorporated on 
22 January 1958 and operates as a company with limited liability under Dutch law. RSG is registered in 
the trade register at the Chamber of Commerce under number 34029174. RSG has its corporate seat in 
Schiphol, the Netherlands and has its registered address at Evert van de Beekstraat 202, 1118 CP Schiphol, 
Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the Netherlands, telephone: +31 20 601 9111. The Articles of 
Association of RSG were last amended by notarial deed on 19 April 2017. The Articles of Association are 
available for viewing at https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/schiphol-group/pagina/corporate-governance/. RSG’s 
website is www.schiphol.nl.  The legal Identifier Number (LEI) of RGS is: 724500XSMG4AYQ8NDK42. 
Capitalisation and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of RSG is approximately €143 million divided into 300,000 A 
shares and 14,892 B shares each of par value €454.00. As at 31 December 2022, a total of 171,255 A 
shares and 14,892 B shares had been issued, all of which are fully paid. The Aviation Act (Wet luchtvaart) 
requires that a majority of the economic and legal interest in RSG shall be owned by public authorities. By 
virtue of its Articles of Association, only Dutch government entities are eligible to own shares in RSG. 
Ownership of these shares is currently as follows: 
– 
State of the Netherlands 69.77% 
– 
The City of Amsterdam 20.03% 
– 
Treasury shares 8.00% 
– 
The City of Rotterdam 2.20% 
8% of RSG shares, which are classified as class B shares, were held by Groupe ADP. Due to the 
expiration of the cooperation agreement and cross-shareholding between Groupe ADP and RSG, in December 
2022, RSG bought back 8% of the shares (14,892 shares) that ADP held for a total consideration of €420 
million. The 8% of the shares that were bought back from ADP are classified as treasury shares. 
Notwithstanding its ownership structure, RSG is a (financially) independent commercial enterprise servicing 
financial commitments from cash flows generated by its subsidiaries, with no sovereign guarantee. 
Corporate Governance 
RSG is not listed on a stock exchange and is therefore not legally obliged to comply with the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”). The Code provides direction for effective cooperation 
and management and contains principles and best practices for Dutch public companies whose shares are 
listed on a stock exchange.  
RSG has taken note of the Code, as published on 8 December 2016, and designated the Code as a 
code of conduct within the context of Section 2:391, subsection 5, of the Dutch Civil Code. In 2017, RSG 
updated its rules governing the Management Board, the Supervisory Board and its four subcommittees in line 
with the Code. RSG has implemented the majority of the Code’s principles and best practice provisions and 
since 2017 integrally reports on these principles and best practises in its annual report. The principles and 
best practice provisions of the Code have been implemented where possible and/or advisable and have 
been laid down in a comply-or-explain overview.  
Only a few of the best practice provisions have not been implemented, primarily as a consequence 
of the current ownership structure. The exceptions are explained in the comply-or-explain overview, which 
is available on https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/corporate-governance/.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Financial Statements 
RSG prepares consolidated financial statements on an annual basis, which are audited by an 
external accountant, and consolidated financial statements on a semi-annual basis, which are unaudited. 
Management Board 
The members of the Management Board are as follows: 
Ruud Sondag (Until 1 
November 2023)  
President & CEO a.i. 
Co-Chair of the Schiphol Security and Public Safety Platform 
Member Supervisory Board Stichting Bevordering kwaliteit leefomgeving 
Schipholregio 
Non-Exec Board Member, Eteck Energie Bedrijven 
Member Advisory Board, Scelta Mushrooms 
Member Advisory Board, Vos Logistics  
Senior Advisor to Board of Management ENECO/ Mitsubishi 
Robert Carsouw  
Member of the Management Board/Chief Financial Officer 
Non-executive member of the Board of Directors of Brisbane Airport 
Corporation PTY Ltd6 
 
The position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer is vacant as of 1 February 
2023, following termination of the appointment of Hanne Buis, who was a member of the Management Board 
since 1 June 2020.  
The Supervisory Board has commenced the process of seeking a successor for the position of 
President and CEO, following the end of Ruud Sondag’s interim term on 1 November 2023. The process to 
fill the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer will be initiated once the CEO 
position has been filled. 
Following the organisational change and the restructuring of the governance as a result of the 
reorganisation programme in 2020 and 2021, the Management Board members have fewer direct reports and 
a different way in which the senior management is responsible has been implemented.  
The business address of each Management Board member is the address of RSG’s principal 
executive office in the Netherlands. 
There are no (potential) conflicts of interest between the duties of each of the members of the 
Management Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association of RSG, a non-executive Supervisory Board of not 
less than five and not more than eight persons supervises, appoints, advises and assists the Management 
Board, comprising the Chairman of the Management Board (also known as President and Chief Executive 
Officer), the Chief Operations Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Projects & Assets Officer, 
in the execution of its duties and management of the general affairs of RSG and Schiphol Nederland. The 
Supervisory Board members are appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders upon nomination by the 
Supervisory Board itself. 
The Supervisory Board has three female members and four male members. At present, the members 
of the Supervisory Board are as follows: 
 
6 It should be noted that any remuneration earned by Management Board members in relation to Supervisory Board positions in group companies is 
received by RSG and not by the individual Management Board members.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Jaap Winter 
(Chair) 
Partner at Phyleon leadership & governance 
Former chairman of Executive Board at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 
Chairman of the Board at the Van Gogh Museum 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board at Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam 
Chairman of the Board at ADORE foundation 
Professor of Corporate Law, Governance and Behavior at Vrije Universiteit 
Amsterdam 
Professor International Company Law at Universiteit van Amsterdam 
Declan Collier 
Chair TCR International N.V. 
Chair Office of Rail & Road 
Chair of Belfast City Airport 
Senior Advisor Oaktree Infrastructure Fund (OTIF) 
Former Chief Executive Officer of Dublin Airport 
Authority and London City Airport  
Former Chair of Aer Rianta International (ARI) 
Former Chair of European and World Board, Airports Council International 
Former Council Member of the Confederation of British Industry 
Former Board Director of London First 
Former Non-executive Director of Allied Irish Banks (AIB) Group 
Simone Brummelhuis 
Managing Director at Borski Fund 
Former Member of the Supervisory Board of Mediahuis Nederland 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabo Amsterdam 
Board of Advice Augeo 
Board of Advice Inne 
Robert Jan van de Kraats 
Non-Executive Chairman TMF Group 
Director Randstad Beheer 
Non-Executive Director OCI N.V. 
Vice-Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Goldschmeding Foundation  
Former Member of the Advisory Board of Suitsupply B.V. 
Former CFO and Vice-Chair of the Executive Board of Randstad N.V. 
Elfrieke van Galen 
Partner of TheRockGroup 
Chair of the Supervisory Board van GVB 
Member of the Supervisory Board van Meerlanden NV 
Non-executive Board member of SEKEM 
Member of the Supervisory Board van Holding Maatschappij Zuid-Holland 
Member of the Supervisory Board van Triodos fondsen 
Board member of Stichting Bergplaas van Lippe-Biesterfeld 
Former Senior Vice President Corporate Social responsibility at KLM 
Former CEO KLM Cityhopper & KLM UK ltd 
Former Vice President KLM Cargo customer services 
Medy van der Laan 
Chair of The Dutch Banking Association 
Chair of Stichting Nationaal Luister Onderzoek 
Chair of Stichting Berenschot Beheer 
Member of the Objection Committee Dutch Public Broadcasting 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of the International Architecture Biennale Rotterdam
Former Chair of Energie Nederland 
Former State Secretary for Culture and Media

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Chris Figee 
CFO and Member of the Management Board of KPN N.V. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Azerion 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UNICEF Netherlands 
Member of Economic Board Zuid-Holland 
Member of the Board of Vereniging Effecten Uitgevende Ondernemingen (VEUO)
Former CFO and Member of the Management Board of ASR Nederland N.V. 
Mikael Olsson stepped down from his position as a member of the Supervisory Board of RSG on 
11 April 2023. Medy van de Laan and Chris Figee were appointed to the Supervisory Board of RSG on 11 
April 2023, each for a term of four years.  
The business address of each Supervisory Board member is the address of RSG’s principal 
executive office in the Netherlands. 
There are no (potential) conflicts of interest between the duties of each of the members of the 
Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Subsidiaries and participations 
RSG has Schiphol Nederland B.V. as its main subsidiary. The Issuers estimate that, as at 31 
December 2022, Schiphol Nederland B.V. accounted for approximately 93% (2021: 85%) of RSG’s assets, 
approximately 99% (2021: 97%) of RSG’s revenues, approximately 98% (2021: 80%) (or, leaving out RSG’s 
liabilities under the Programme, approximately 27% (2021: 24%)) of RSG’s liabilities and approximately 
93% (2021: 86%) of RSG’s total equity (in each case on a consolidated basis). The remaining assets, 
revenues, liabilities and total equity of RSG are attributable to Schiphol International B.V. and RSG holding 
company (unconsolidated).  
The figure below provides an overview of the structure of the Royal Schiphol Group.  
RSG’s international activities 
RSG has airport-related investments in Australia, Hong Kong, Italy and the United States.  
Through its subsidiary Schiphol International B.V., which owns Schiphol USA Inc., RSG is the sole 
Class A Member and the Managing Member and holds 100% of the Class A shares of John F. Kennedy

--- Page 106 ---
106 
International Air Terminal LLC, which operates Terminal 4. Delta Air Lines, Inc. is the sole Class B, non-
managing, Member of John F. Kennedy International Air Terminal LLC. 
Through its subsidiary Schiphol Australia Pty Ltd., Schiphol International B.V. holds a 19.61 per 
cent interest in Brisbane Airport Corporation Pty Holdings Ltd., which owns and operates Brisbane Airport 
in Australia. 
In October 2019, Royal Schiphol Group acquired a 35% stake in Tasmanian Gateway Holdings 
Corporation Pty Ltd (TGHC) in Australia. The principal objective of TGHC is to invest in and hold all the 
interests in Tasmanian Gateway Corporation Pty Ltd (TGC), which holds all the interests in Hobart 
International Airport Pty Ltd (HIAPL). The acquisition concerned both 35% of the ordinary shares and 35% 
of the redeemable preference shares (RPS). In 2020, the RPS held in TGHC were replaced with a mixture of 
interest-bearing and interest-free loan notes. 
In addition, Schiphol International B.V. is engaged in a strategic cooperation agreement with Aruba 
Queen Beatrix International Airport. As part of this agreement, Schiphol nominates the airport’s CEO, 
delivers technical support, shares knowledge and best practices and allows the airport to operate under the 
RSG brand. Furthermore, Schiphol International B.V. supports Sint Maarten Princess Juliana Airport with 
the reconstruction of the airport after the devastation caused by hurricane Irma in 2017, and has a  strategic 
collaboration with Incheon Airport, as well as international real estate activities in Italy and Hong Kong. 
Groupe ADP 
On 30 November 2021, the cooperation agreement and cross-shareholding between RSG and Groupe 
ADP expired. RSG and Groupe ADP decided not to renew the HubLink industrial cooperation agreement. 
The cross-shareholding was unwound in line with the exit agreement. A temporary transaction committee 
was established to deal with the unwinding. At year-end 2022, RSG sold the entire 8.0% of its shares in 
Groupe ADP. RSG also repurchased the 8.0% shares held by Groupe ADP. In 2023, RSG will investigate 
options for selling the RSG shares which were repurchased from Groupe ADP. 
Operations 
The principal activity of RSG is the management, operation and development of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. 
Business Areas 
Effective 1 March 2021, Schiphol Group was restructured from four into three business areas (i) 
Aviation; (ii) Schiphol Commercial (previously: Consumer Products & Retail and Real Estate); and (iii) 
Alliances & Participations.  
Aviation 
The Aviation business area operates at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and provides services and 
facilities to airlines, passengers and handling agents. It is subdivided into two segments: Aviation and 
Security. Aviation generates most of its revenue from airport charges (charges related to aircraft and 
passengers) and concession fees (paid by oil companies for the provision of aircraft refuelling services). The 
activities of the business area Aviation take place, through Schiphol Nederland, at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. The source of revenue for Security consists of airport charges (security-related charges). For more 
information, see “Description of Schiphol Nederland”. 
Schiphol Commercial  
Schiphol Commercial consists of granting and managing concessions for shops, food and beverages 
and service outlets (generating variable revenue from concessions and fixed revenue from leasing retail 
locations), operating car parks (generating revenue from parking charges), advertising opportunities at

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol (generating revenue from providing advertising space) and the development, 
management, operation and investment in real estate at and around domestic and foreign airports (generating 
revenues from the development and leasing of land and buildings as well as through sales and fair value gains 
or losses). With the exception of car parking revenues all revenues, originate from services to other companies 
(business to business). Car parking revenues come from passengers and visitors to the airport (business to 
consumer). The activities of the business area Schiphol Commercial take place, through Schiphol Nederland, 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. For more information, see “Description of Schiphol Nederland”.  
Alliances & Participations 
This business area comprises the Regional Airports (Rotterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven and 
Lelystad), International Airports and other activities. Airport charges, concessions and parking charges are 
the main sources of revenue for the regional airports (Rotterdam, The Hague, Eindhoven and Lelystad). For 
more information on regional airports in the Netherlands and other activities, see “Description of Schiphol 
Nederland”. 
Through participations in, and alliances and partnerships with, airports in other countries, Royal 
Schiphol Group can continue to improve its products and processes and share knowledge with other airport 
operators, from which all parties involved may benefit. Royal Schiphol Group continues to investigate 
international opportunities. The international activities of Royal Schiphol Group strengthen the development 
of Royal Schiphol Group and ultimately the competitive position of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The 
airports abroad contribute to the group result through their results as accounted for in share in results of 
associates and joint ventures and through the interest paid on loans. 
Ambition and Strategy – Connect your world 
 
RSG’s ambition is to connect your world, by orchestrating inspiring journeys, building connections 
for passengers and other stakeholders and being a front-runner in sustainability. Connecting your world 
embodies the ‘Why’ of Royal Schiphol Group. Though RSG continued to experience the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic in early 2022, service to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s direct destinations started to 
pick up again as the year progressed. These developments reflect the global and local increase in demand for 
air travel. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol can support the social and economic recovery from the crisis by 
restoring essential connections between the Netherlands and the wider world. 
Restoring the quality of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s network starts with ensuring safe and 
responsible air travel for its passengers. As an airport in transition, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol wants to 
ensure that the ‘Why’ balances the need for connectivity with the need to ensure quality of life for local 
communities and future generations. RSG plans to do this by carefully monitoring local air quality and by 
monitoring and seeking to reduce carbon emissions and noise disturbance, among other efforts. Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s ambition is to operate the world's most sustainable, high-quality airports. As part of this 
ambition, Schiphol wants operations to be zero-emissions and zero-waste by 2030 and to eventually function 
as an energy-positive and fully circular organisation. All the while, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will 
continue to play a leadership role in driving sustainability across the aviation sector and aim for net-zero-
emissions aviation by 2050. 
 
Royal Schiphol Group’s Vision 2050 
 
Royal Schiphol Group’s Vision 2050 sets a new and aspirational goal for the organisation and the 
wider Dutch aviation industry. This Vision is based on strengthening the fundamental ‘qualities’ offered as a 
Group:  Quality of Network, Quality of Life and Quality of Service. Safety and a Robust organisation support 
these three qualities as key enablers.  
 
Quality of Network 
 
Maintaining a high-quality network is an essential pillar of RSG’s Vision 2050. RSG provides and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
facilitates the connectivity that is vital for an open economy such as that of the Netherlands. From the second 
quarter of 2022 onwards, as many countries relaxed COVID-19 measures and travel restrictions, there was a 
sharp increase in demand for flights. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s operations were unable to accommodate 
the demand due to a decrease in the availability of security personnel. As a result, RSG was forced to limit 
the number of local passengers that could depart from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.  
 
At the same time, flight frequencies are on the rise again, enabling Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to 
maintain the vast majority of the destinations and connectivity. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is still first in 
the ‘direct connectivity ranking’ of European airports, based on the 2022 Airport Industry Connectivity 
Report. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is on track to fully recover from the pandemic and aims to preserve the 
quality of the network while also fulfilling the legal obligation to adhere to the new limits set by the 
government. RSG is determined to further engage in dialogue with the government and is confident that a 
long-term solution can be found that will not only safeguard the quality of its network, but one which also 
focuses on environmental impact instead of the number of air transport movements (ATMs). This will provide 
perspective for all stakeholders involved. 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic has illustrated the importance of ensuring health and safety across its 
airports. RSG also advocates responsible actions on behalf of governments and regulators to support airports 
on their path to full recovery, including sector-wide initiatives such as safe transport corridors, rapid testing, 
and alignment in health and safety practices between airlines and airports. However, going forward, RSG 
must balance the requirement for a high-quality network with the need to safeguard Quality of Service for the 
customers and Quality of Life for local residents and wider society, as well as RSG’s own employees. 
 
Quality of Life 
 
In addition to restoring the high-quality network and connectivity, RSG aims to operate zero-
emissions and zero-waste airports by 2030, as outlined in RSG’s ‘Most Sustainable Airports’ roadmap (see 
“Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and Key Issues –Sustainability”). As RSG 
moves towards this goal, it will uphold the principles of sustainable aviation and ensure a healthy living 
environment for local residents and communities. This means prioritising the needs of local communities by 
ensuring noise pollution remains well below pre-pandemic levels as air traffic returns to normal. Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol is also making a concerted effort to improve Quality of Life for employees at its airports, 
starting by providing better employment terms and working conditions for security staff and other employees 
 
To reduce noise hindrance, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol set up the ‘Minder Hinder’ noise reduction 
program with LVNL, which focuses on several areas of improvement. For example, weather and safety 
permitting, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is using flight paths and runways that cause the least disturbance. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol also encourages airlines to use quieter and cleaner aircraft by lowering airport 
charges for such planes. 
 
RSG’s vision is to lead the development of a responsible and sustainable aviation sector and it starts 
with RSG’s own airports. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s proposed airport charges for 2022-2024 include a 
self-incentive scheme that is focused on sustainability and that encourages airlines to use cleaner, quieter 
aircraft. More widely, RSG continues to work with a range of aviation partners to accelerate sustainable 
aviation innovations such as bio-based fuel and electrified modes of transport, and to advocate sustainable 
aviation practices and decision-making at a national and regional level. Sustainability also underpins RSG’s 
cooperation with other major airports. However, a level playing field across the aviation sector must be 
ensured so airports are not disadvantaged by pursuing environmentally friendly operations. Consistent, 
mutually beneficial legislation is needed to make fully sustainable air travel a reality. 
 
For more information regarding RSG’s sustainability strategy and action plan, please refer to: 
Schiphol - Making aviation more sustainable. 
 
Quality of Service 
RSG’s ambition is to create the most sustainable, high-quality airports by orchestrating smooth and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
inspiring passenger journeys, supported by efficient, digitally enabled airport processes. In 2022, a 
combination of factors led to bottlenecks that subjected passengers to long queues at security checkpoints 
and, in some cases, even caused them to miss flights. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol introduced a compensation 
package for travellers who missed flights due to long queues at security checkpoints. Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol has also been working hard to restore efficiency and now has an agreement in place with trade 
unions guaranteeing higher wages and better rosters for security staff. RSG is confident that this, together 
with other measures, will enable Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to give its customers the high-quality service 
it expects.    
Quality of Service extends beyond serving air passengers: RSG’s airports are a place where people 
from all walks of life – travellers, businesses, students and research institutions – can come together. RSG’s 
real estate and commercial teams further support the local business community and knowledge economy by 
connecting people, businesses and ideas from around the world, and by providing high-quality workspaces 
for the tenants. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol uses technology and data to improve the passenger experience. 
Innovations such as smart maintenance provide insights into how airport assets are performing and when they 
require maintenance. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol also works closely with the aviation chain to meet the 
needs of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s customers: Schiphol’s Airport Operations Centre (APOC) 
enables Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to jointly manage essential aviation processes alongside Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s key aviation partners, with efficient exchanges of knowledge and data. In 2022, APOC 
made further progress in developing its total airport management approach that will put cross-sector 
collaboration at the heart of all airport processes.  
 
Safety 
 
Safety remains one of the key enablers of RSG’s three qualities, as RSG continues to prioritise the 
health and well-being of those using RSG’s services. As an operator of airports, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
has a responsibility to safeguard the health of the passengers, employees and other visitors by carefully 
managing RSG’s facilities and processes. As RSG emerged from the pandemic in the spring of 2022, RSG 
adhered to the recommended government guidelines.  
 
RSG remains committed to ensuring the safe running of the airport operations for all those working 
at the airport site, as well as safe surroundings for passengers and local residents. RSG has safety-focused 
measures in place at all times to support RSG’s goals. In 2022, RSG implemented a temporary measure which 
sets a maximum number of local departing passengers per day, to balance security staffing capacity with 
passenger demand and to safeguard the safety of both passengers and employees. RSG’s medium-term safety 
objectives are outlined in the Safety Improvement Roadmap Schiphol and implemented through the Integral 
Safety Management System (ISMS). The shared goals are 
to control current safety risks, reduce future risks and create shared opportunities for continuous safety.  
 
An important initiative that forms part of the roadmap is a multiphase project to convert Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol’s Quebec taxiway into a dual taxiway system. In 2022, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
initiated the second phase of the project, which involved building a second aircraft bridge linking the 
Kaagbaan and Zwanenburgbaan runways. This will create a more manageable situation for air traffic control 
and prevent aircraft from having to wait in line, which will enhance safety and improve Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol’s service. Meanwhile, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol continues to implement new safety measures 
and monitor the progress of ISMS while taking further steps to strengthen the safety culture.  
 
Robust organisation 
A robust organisation is the second key enabler of RSG’s Vision 2050 RSG aims to be a financially 
resilient and flexible and forward-thinking organisation. This involves making the most of the diverse 
qualities and capabilities of the employees and different airports linked to RSG. As the organisation has 
grown, RSG has sought to build on these innate qualities by developing staff and fostering collaboration and 
knowledge-sharing between RSG teams and employees around the world. Financial solidity is an essential

--- Page 110 ---
110 
component of this robust organisation and means that RSG is well positioned to recover from the impact of 
the crisis.  
To maintain its strong competitive position as a high-value European airport, Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol set airport charges for the 2022-2024 period. The charges take into account Schiphol’s loss of 
income in 2020 and 2021 as a result of the pandemic. For a further description of the allocation system and 
the amendments to the aviation charges see “Description of Schiphol Nederland – Recent Developments and 
Key Issues – The Aviation Act and airport charges Evaluation”.   
Recent Developments and Key Issues 
For recent developments and key issues pertaining to both RSG and Schiphol Nederland B.V., see 
“Description of Schiphol Nederland”. 
Corporate income tax 
The effective tax rate in 2022 was positive 42.9% (2021: negative 175.4%). This is mainly 
attributable to the application of the participation exemption on the results from financial assets and 
liabilities related to Groupe ADP. There were no changes to the nominal income tax rate in 2022. The rate 
at which an important part of the deferred tax assets and liabilities will be settled is calculated at the current 
rate of 25.8%. The application of the participation exemption to the results of associates increases the 
effective tax rate. However, the application of the participation exemption on results from financial assets 
and liabilities related to Groupe ADP decreases the effective tax rate. No deferred tax asset is recognised 
for the unused tax losses incurred in Italy.  
Material Contracts 
 
Following a public tender process in line with European regulations, in August 2018, RSG  mandated 
and subsequently entered into main contracts with so-called main contractors which will carry out certain 
major construction, renovation and infrastructure maintenance projects at the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
site for RSG. These projects include, construction and maintenance activities of the existing runways, aprons, 
operational buildings and the terminal complex as well as landside infrastructure (both above ground and 
underground). The construction of the new pier and design and construction of the future terminal are not 
within the scope of these main contracts as these are subject to a separate public tender process. For the main 
contracts, RSG is bound by European regulation to publicly tender these type of contracts every 8 to 9 years. 
The focus in the tendering process was on cost optimization, improving business operations, sustainability, 
and the application of digital solutions and other innovations. The contracts became effective as of 1 April 
2019 and the selected main contractors are BAM, Heijmans and VolkerWessels. The collective projects that 
are within the scope of these main contracts comprise an estimated total value of €2.5 billion to €3.5 billion 
over a maximum period of 9 years. RSG has not entered into other material contracts outside the ordinary 
course of business.  
 
Following a public tender process in line with European regulations, in September 2022 RSG 
appointed BAM Bouw en Techniek as the new contractor to complete the construction of Pier A. Construction 
work to complete the project is expected restart with the new contractor mid 2023 following a period of pre-
construction preparation work to determine the scope and pricing of the completion work.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
DESCRIPTION OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND 
Introduction 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. (“Schiphol Nederland”) was incorporated on 28 December 2001 and came 
into existence on the consummation of the de-merger (afsplitsing) of RSG (the “De-merger”). Schiphol 
Nederland operates as a sub-holding company with limited liability under Dutch law. Schiphol Nederland is 
registered in the trade register at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam under number 34166584. Schiphol 
Nederland has its corporate seat in Schiphol, Municipality of Haarlemmermeer, the Netherlands and has its 
registered address at Evert van de Beekstraat 202, 1118 CP Schiphol, the Netherlands, telephone: +31 20 601 
9111. The Articles of Association are contained in the notarial deed relating to the De-merger, which was 
executed on 27 December 2001. The Articles of Association are available for viewing at 
https://www.schiphol.nl/nl/schiphol-group/pagina/corporate-governance/. The Legal Identifier Number 
(LEI) of Schiphol Nederland is: 724500DX7Q1A19SPY530. 
Pursuant to the De-Merger, RSG transferred all its domestic business to Schiphol Nederland 
(including, but not limited to, its interests relating to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and its shares in Dutch 
domestic airports).  
Capitalisation and Shareholders 
RSG holds 100% of the issued shares in Schiphol Nederland. 
The authorised share capital of Schiphol Nederland is €750 million, comprising 750 million ordinary 
registered shares of par value €1 each. As of 31 December 2022, a total of 150 million ordinary registered 
shares had been issued, all of which are fully paid. 
Notwithstanding its indirect government ownership, Schiphol Nederland is a (financially) 
independent commercial enterprise servicing financial commitments from cash flows generated primarily by 
its ownership of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, with no sovereign guarantee. 
Management Board 
RSG has been appointed as the sole Managing Director of Schiphol Nederland. 
The business address of the sole Managing Director is the address of Schiphol Nederland’s principal 
executive office in the Netherlands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the sole Managing Director and its 
other interests and/or other duties. 
Schiphol Nederland airports 
Schiphol Nederland includes Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and has an interest in three other domestic 
airports: Rotterdam The Hague Airport (100% shareholding), Eindhoven Airport (51% shareholding) and 
Lelystad Airport (100% shareholding), all directly or indirectly held by Schiphol Nederland. Although 
Eindhoven Airport and Lelystad Airport develop and maintain their own market positions, they also play a 
crucial role in the management of the expected growth of mainport Schiphol. 
In 2022, Schiphol Nederland B.V. entered into a non-binding agreement with the Province of 
Limburg for the acquisition of 40% of the shares of N.V. Holding Business Park Luchthaven Maastricht, 
owner of Maastricht Aachen Airport.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Business Areas 
Schiphol Nederland’s organisation reflects Royal Schiphol Group’s business area structure, which 
consists of three business areas: Aviation, Schiphol Commercial and Alliances & Participations. 
Please refer to RSG’s Business Areas section for more information. 
Aviation 
One of this business areas most important operational objectives is to maintain Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol’s competitive standing as a mainport. To further develop its role as a mainport, Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol must continue to offer a large network of destinations with frequent connections. Achieving this 
requires a large volume of passengers, cargo and air transport movements and better connectivity relative to 
other major airports in Europe. Connectivity is a combination of the total number of destinations served, 
flight frequency and the ease with which passengers can make a connection. 
Serving travellers, airlines, handling agents and logistic services providers alike, the Airport 
Operations & Aviation Partners business area has a pivotal role at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Airport 
Operations & Aviation Partners supplies and manages the infrastructure that is required to ensure pleasant, 
reliable and efficient arrival and departure processes for travellers, baggage and cargo. It is responsible for 
coordinating safety in the terminal, on aprons and roads and in areas and buildings on airside. 
Schiphol Commercial  
The business area Schiphol Commercial provides commercial services to passengers and businesses 
at the airport. The resulting revenues are non-regulated and encompass retail sales, concession income, car 
parking fees, rents, advertising and media revenues, real estate development, management and leasing and 
other income and management fees. 
The Schiphol Commercial business area works with partners to create unique experiences for 
travellers, with a surprising range of shops, catering outlets and services. It also uses innovative online and 
offline media concepts to reach and inform travellers. Offering a variety of parking products and premium 
services such as Privium, Valet Parking and the VIP Centre, facilitating a carefree and comfortable travel 
process. The primary driver for the services to passengers is the number of passengers using Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol and the average spend per passenger. 
The Schiphol Commercial real estate activities are concerned with the  development, and 
management and leasing of property on and around airports in the Netherlands. The vast majority of the 
portfolio comprises real estate located on and around Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. More than 800 
organisations are airport-related, located on the airport site or in close proximity with a combined employee 
base of approximately 68,000 people. 
Alliances & Participations 
Insofar as Schiphol Nederland is concerned, the business area Alliances & Participations oversees 
the operation of regional airports and other activities. Airport charges, concessions and parking charges are 
the main sources of revenue for the regional airports. Like Schiphol itself, the regional airports are developed 
according to the Airport City concept through investments in real estate and the creation of an attractive range 
of shops, hotels and restaurants.  
The three regional Dutch airports are: Rotterdam The Hague Airport (2.1 million passengers in 2022; 
wholly owned by Royal Schiphol Group since 1989), Eindhoven Airport (6.3 million passengers in 2022; 
51% owned by Royal Schiphol Group since March 1998) and the general aviation airport of Lelystad (wholly 
owned by Royal Schiphol Group since 1993). Rotterdam, Eindhoven, and Lelystad Airport as from opening 
pending on decision Dutch government, see Lelystad Airport opening delayed), cater for select scheduled and

--- Page 113 ---
113 
charter airline services to European destinations. The regional airports mainly contribute to the revenue in the 
form of airport and parking charges.  
The other activities of this business unit mainly consist of Schiphol Telematics and Utilities. Schiphol 
Telematics provides telecommunication services at and around the airport. Utilities generates revenue from 
the transmission of electricity and gas and from the supply of water. 
Strategy 
Schiphol Nederland contributes to the ambition and strategy of Royal Schiphol Group. For more 
information, see “Description of RSG – Ambition and Strategy – Connect your World”. 
Recent Developments and Key Issues 
COVID-19 
The outbreak and continuing spread of COVID-19 worldwide, resulted in an unprecedented 
curtailment of global travel and business activities. As part of global efforts to contain the spread of COVID-
19, the EU, its member states, the US and many other countries imposed travel restrictions or bans to and 
from affected areas for certain periods of time during 2020, 2021 and 2022. Airlines, including Air France 
– KLM, substantially reduced and during some of these periods even suspended all flight capacity levels. 
These measures resulted in a significant reduction of worldwide air travel since the beginning of the COVID-
19 outbreak in early 2020. From the second quarter of 2022 onwards, as many countries relaxed COVID-
19 measures and travel restrictions, there was a sharp increase in demand for flights. In 2022, Schiphol 
welcomed 52.5 million passengers (up 105.8% year-on-year). The airport recorded a total of 397,646 air 
transport movements (ATMs), an increase of 49% compared with 2021, though still 20% lower than in 
2019. A clear contrast was observed between the first and second halves of the year. In early 2022, 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol still faced fluctuating capacity needs due to COVID-19 related requirements, 
such as testing and social distancing. These challenges continue in some markets where travel restrictions 
were still in place. But fluctuating capacity is a gradually dissipating issue that is no longer having a major 
effect on European markets.  
Russian – Ukrainian conflict  
On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, beyond the Donbas region, leading the (western) 
international community to impose further far reaching sanctions, including, but not limited to, on Russian 
sovereign and corporate debt; prohibiting access to SWIFT for certain Russian and Belarus banks; sanctioning 
the Central Bank of Russia; and imposing a trade embargo, including on Russian oil and gas exports. As a 
result of this ongoing conflict, all flights to and from Russia, Belarus and Ukraine from Royal Schiphol Group 
airports have been suspended. Currently, the European airspace is closed for Russian airlines and Russian 
airspace is closed for European airlines. All Royal Schiphol Group’s contractual and commercial 
relationships with Russian companies have been investigated, sanctions are being complied with and 
necessary actions have been taken. As of the date of this Prospectus, the direct impact of the Russian – 
Ukrainian conflict is relatively limited for Royal Schiphol Group, as air traffic to and from these countries 
was already limited. The future negative impact on Royal Schiphol Group’s airport is subject to the 
development and scope of the conflict, which are uncertain. Indirect effects could include more expensive 
ticket prices due to flight diversions affecting routes to Asia as a result of the closure of Russian, Belarusian 
and Ukrainian airspace and/or people postponing travel due to higher levels of uncertainty. If the conflict 
spreads beyond the borders of Ukraine into European and/or NATO territory, this could lead to the closing 
of all or parts of the European airspace for commercial traffic, which would have a significant negative impact 
on the European aviation market. This could have a significant negative effect on Royal Schiphol Group’s 
financial position as 70% of traffic at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and almost all of the traffic at Rotterdam 
The Hague Airport and Eindhoven Airport originated from, or travelled to, other European destinations in 
2022.  
Staff shortages 
Throughout the COVID-19 crisis, many companies in the aviation sector took measures to reduce 
costs, including decreasing the size of their workforce. When travel restrictions were lifted in the spring of

--- Page 114 ---
114 
2022, the demand for travel picked up again, considerably pushing up passenger numbers. The recovery was 
hampered, however, by staff shortages at the airport. Throughout the May holiday and summer holiday 
seasons of 2022, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol experienced operational disruptions including very long 
queues for departing passengers and disruptions in the baggage process due to staff shortages with the security 
companies it contracts for passenger and hand baggage screening and with ground handling companies 
contracted by the airlines. Various measures were taken to resolve the staff shortages and mitigate the effects, 
including introducing a daily limit the number of local departing passengers. In addition, employment 
conditions for security staff were improved as a result of a new social accord with the labour unions and 
security companies regarding improved pay and working conditions for security staff, May holiday bonusses 
were paid, and Schiphol Nederland initiated the centralised recruitment of security staff for all contracted 
security companies. These measures have led to a significant increase in security staffing levels. For the 
passengers that missed flights due to the long queues during the summer months, a compensation scheme 
was established for extra costs incurred as a result of missed flights. 
Traffic 
Following a slow start in the first quarter of 2022, demand for air travel rebounded strongly in the 
second quarter of 2022 and this continued throughout the year. RSG expects the recovery to continue in 
2023, though a full recovery to 2019 levels is not expected before 2024.  
Uncertainty remains as a number factors could impact this recovery including developments in the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict, developments in the global COVID-19 pandemic which could lead to renewed 
travel restrictions, potential operational challenges due to continued staff shortages during the upcoming 
holiday season and the government’s plans for reducing the maximum number of air transport movements 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.  
Sustainability 
RSG’s ‘Most Sustainable Airports’ roadmap is a key enabler in achieving its ambition to zero-
emissions and zero-waste for its own activities in 2030 and contributing to the ambition of net-zero carbon 
emissions for the aviation sector by 2050. The ‘Most Sustainable Airports’ roadmap was first published in 
2018 and updated in 2022 and is centred around four themes: (i) energy positive; (ii) sustainable aviation; 
(iii) circular economy and (iv) communities. Specific short- and medium-term targets have been defined 
and each RSG airport in the Netherlands has developed a tailored roadmap with airport specific actions to 
achieve the common objectives.  
With respect to ‘energy positive’, RSG’s ambition is to reach zero-emissions in 2030 for its own 
activities at airports in the Netherlands. Measures to achieve this include zero-emissions mobility through 
the phasing out of fossil fuel for the RSG owned vehicle fleet and for ground support equipment used by 
ground handling companies in their operations; energy-positive buildings by phasing out natural gas and 
improving energy efficiency; and generating renewable energy through solar power generation at RSG’s 
airports in the Netherlands.  
Sustainable aviation goals include reducing aviation sector carbon emissions in the Netherlands to 
2005 levels by 2030 and a 15% CO2-emissions reduction in ground transport to and from the airport for 
passengers, logistics and cargo, and third party commuter traffic. RSG’s  influence over emissions of the 
aviation sector (not including its own activities at its airports in the Netherlands) is limited. It stimulates the 
use of sustainable aircraft fuel (SAF) through a financial incentive to use SAF at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol and fleet renewal with airport charges that stimulate the use of quieter aircraft. RSG stimulates 
clean ground mobility by encouraging the use of public transport for passengers and staff, promoting the 
use of electric buses by public transport organisations serving the airports and mandating the use of zero-
emission taxis at the official Amsterdam Airport Schiphol taxi stand. 
RSG aims to operate zero-waste airports by 2030, which means all raw materials, components and 
products will be reused or recycled to the maximum extent possible at its own airports or as nearby as 
possible. The means to achieve this include embedding circular design principles for new buildings which 
enable the reuse of materials and the reduction of materials needed, minimising, separating and upcycling 
waste streams by phasing out single use products and shifting to the use of recycled asphalt and concrete,

--- Page 115 ---
115 
and reusing materials in high-value, next life applications by introducing a data-driven approach to material 
flows, implementing a materials hub and sourcing locally and sustainably. 
By 2030, RSG aims to improve the balance between communities and airports by improving air 
quality and reducing noise and maintaining a constructive dialogue to ensure the well-being and support of 
the local communities; foster healthy and inclusive workplaces by providing smart and healthy workplaces, 
contributing to education and supporting people who have difficulty accessing employment and developing 
plans to increase inclusion and diversity with RSG; and developing climate adaptation and biodiversity 
action plans. 
CO2-emissions in 2022 were 28% lower than 2019 levels. This takes into account emissions from 
natural gas and RSG’s own vehicle fleet as well as natural gas used by third parties in commercial buildings 
owned by RSG and operating under their own environmental permits, airside fuels, commuter traffic and 
staff business travel by own car or by aircraft. Specially selected solar and wind energy projects in India 
help offset RSG’s remaining carbon emissions (from natural gas and other fuels). Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol and Eindhoven Airport have been net-zero carbon since 2012, and Rotterdam The Hague Airport 
and Lelystad Airport since 2018. Although energy consumption in 2022 rose compared to 2021 due to the 
increase in the number of passengers and the further electrification of mobility and electricity for aircraft 
via fixed power units and mobile electric ground power units, energy efficiency at Amsterdam Airport 
improved due to the implementation of more than 100 individual measures including expanding the use of 
LED lighting, replacing old telecom and IT equipment, and upgrading climate-control, heating ventilation 
and air-conditioning systems, wayfinding systems, and the renovation of runway systems. Three buildings 
received a BREEAM certificate in 2022, which brings the total commercial buildings with a BREEAM 
certificate to 10, representing 20% of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s commercial real estate portfolio. 
The percentage of separated operational residual flows at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has 
increased to 52.3% in 2022, up from 48.7% in 2021 and 44.5% in 2019.  In 2022, RSG completed a European 
tender for operational residual streams at its airports in the Netherlands aiming at further improving the 
circularity performance of its operational residual  streams.  
In 2021, RSG and Air Traffic Control the Netherlands introduced a multi-year programme of noise-
disturbance reduction measures. The programme consists of 44 measures to reduce noise disturbance in the 
region surrounding Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Eight measures were implemented in 2021 and a further 
three measures were implemented in 2022. 
Investment programme 
In 2019, the number of air transport movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol was approximately 
496,826, carrying 71.7 million passengers. Although future environmental regulations may prevent air 
transport movements to return to pre-COVID-19 levels, Schiphol Nederland must safeguard the capacity and 
quality of its main airport Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the short and long term in order to facilitate future 
development and continue to serve airlines with optimal efficiency in the next ten to fifteen years. Prior to 
the COVID-19 outbreak, pressure on operating capacity had increased as a result of rising air traffic. If 
Schiphol Nederland fails to prepare for a return to pre-COVID-19 passenger numbers and air transport levels, 
the quality and attractiveness of the fourth largest airport (in 2022) in Europe in terms of passengers, may 
come under pressure, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and therefore also the Netherlands may lose valuable 
network connections.  
Schiphol Nederland has undertaken a critical reassessment of its investments to facilitate the 
airport’s recovery from the COVID-19 crisis and its longer term development. This has resulted in the Mid-
Term Plan 2030, which sets out Schiphol Nederland’s development plan for the next 10 to 15 years and has 
been integrated into investment planning. The timing of investments is linked to clear trigger points relating 
to the recovery of air travel from the COVID-19 pandemic and Schiphol Nederland’s expectation of future 
demand. Expansion of landside roads and utilities is continuing as is the redevelopment of Departure Hall 1 
and the next phase of the taxiway Quebec project (the doubling of the taxiway was delivered in December 
2021), involving the creation of remote aircraft handling stands. New projects include the construction of a 
new baggage basement and renovation and upgrade of the existing baggage system. A feasibility study is also

--- Page 116 ---
116 
underway regarding the development of a new terminal building, a project that was postponed due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. No investment decision has been taken yet. 
Further progress was made with the development of a new pier, Pier A, at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. On 29 November 2021, RSG terminated the contract with the contractor BN-TAV for the 
construction of Pier A. The termination was done in an organised way, whereby a controlled hand-over of 
the construction site has taken place from BN-TAV to Royal Schiphol Group. Following a new tender 
process, in September 2022, Schiphol Nederland appointed BAM Bouw en Techniek as the new contractor 
to complete the construction of Pier A. Construction work to complete the project is expected to restart with 
the new contractor mid-2023 following a period of pre-construction preparation work. The A-Pier, once 
completed, will be Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s most sustainable pier using biomaterials, insulating glass, 
recycled plastic and marble, 5,000m2 of solar panels on the roof and toilets that flush with recycled rain water. 
The investment programmes present Schiphol Nederland with multiple challenges, not only 
operationally and financially (as set out in the risk factors "The successful implementation of Royal Schiphol 
Group’s capital investment programme is dependent on a number of factors" and “Royal Schiphol Group is 
exposed to (re-)financing risk"), but also with respect to the safety of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which 
may come under pressure as a result of its expansion. In April 2017, the Dutch Safety Board (Onderzoeksraad 
voor Veiligheid) presented a report in this respect, concluding that further growth of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol will require more than marginal adjustments to its existing safety policy. 
Air transport movements cap at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
Royal Schiphol Group is currently party to an agreement under which air transport movements at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol have been capped at 500,000 a year through 2020 (the “2020 Agreement”). The 
2020 Agreement was based on the expectation that an amended Airport Traffic Decree would be passed into 
law prior to the end of 2020. However, this process was interrupted by the Council of State’s ruling in 2019 
against the government’s Integrated Approach to Nitrogen, leading to a requirement for airports in the 
Netherlands to obtain a nature conservation permit. This new permit and the associated standards must be 
incorporated into the amended Air Traffic Decree, a process which was not expected to be completed prior 
to the end of 2020 and did not complete. In the interim, the existing 2020 Agreement relating to the 500,000 
air transport movement cap continues to be applied by the government until the reduction of air transport 
movements will become effective, as described below. From 2017 to 2019 air transport movements 
approached the limit of 500,000 air transport movements per year and therefore growth was restricted. 
However, as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 crisis, air transport movements in the period 2020 to 
2022 dropped significantly below the 500,000 air transport movement limit. In 2022 there were 397,646 air 
traffic movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.  
However, on 24 June 2022, the Dutch government announced its intention to reduce the maximum 
number of flight movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from November 2023 onwards. The reduction 
in is expected to be implemented in three stages. 
The first stage to be implemented on 1 November 2023 involves ending anticipatory enforcement 
by November 2023. Anticipatory enforcement refers to the government’s decision in 2015 to permit 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to operate within the limits set in the New Standards and Enforcement System 
for environment noise at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, up to a maximum of 500,000 air transport movements 
a year, in anticipation of the new system being incorporated into an amended Airport Traffic Decree, which 
is the final step in embedding the new environmental noise system and into law. The New Standards and 
Enforcement System was developed with the aim of reducing noise disturbance through strictly preferential 
runway use whereby preference is given to the use of runways that cause noise disturbance to the fewest local 
residents. Anticipatory enforcement means that if the limits of the older system of environmental noise limits 
(still embedded in the law via the Airport Traffic Decree) are exceeded, enforcement would not occur as long 
as the infraction was the result of operating in accordance with the New Standards and Enforcement System. 
In order to align the preferential runway use principal of the New Standard and Enforcement System with the 
existing older legal framework the government will issue an temporary ‘experimental decree’ in which the 
noise allowances in the old system are adjusted to accommodate the preferential runway use principle. This 
will reducing the annual capacity for air transport movements from 500,000 movements to 460,000. A court

--- Page 117 ---
117 
ruling on 5 April 2023 has prohibited the implementation of the first stage for the operational year beginning 
on 1 November 2023. It is not yet clear how this ruling will affect the implementation of the government’s 
plans beyond 2023. 
The second stage involves a further reduction of the maximum number of air transport movements 
at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from 460,000 to 440,000. Prior to implementing noise-related operating 
restrictions, the European Union requires that a ‘Balanced Approach’ procedure must be conducted which 
includes defining the noise abatement objectives, identifying measures which can be implemented to achieve 
the objectives and transparent consultation with stakeholders. The government is aiming to complete this 
procedure for implementation in November 2024. 
The final stage involves the incorporation of a new system of environment limits into an amended 
Airport Traffic Decree. This new system of environmental limits will be developed based on the current 
environment effects associated with 440,000 air transport movements per year. Future growth beyond the 
envisaged 440,000 air transport movements would then only be possible if there is a reduction in the 
environmental effects. It is anticipated that it will take up to five years to develop and implement this new 
system of environmental limits. 
A number of airlines including Air France – KLM filed for a summary judgement against the State 
of the Netherlands and RSG challenging the legality of the ‘experimental decree’ introduced by the State of 
the Netherlands. RSG was summoned not to base its capacity declaration for the operating year beginning on 
1 November 2023 on the ending of anticipatory enforcement and the issuance of an ‘experimental decree’. 
On 5 April 2023, the court ruled that the Minister cannot end anticipatory enforcement and cannot issue an 
‘experimental decree’ as planned for the operational year beginning on 1 November 2023. The ending of 
anticipatory enforcement and issuance an ‘experimental decree’ are considered to be an operational restriction 
as defined in the EU regulation governing the implementation of noise related limitations on the operation of 
airports and, as such, a Balanced Approach procedure must be followed as is the case for the second stage of 
the reduction in air transport movements as described above. The court further ruled that its decision was 
immediately enforceable regardless of whether or not the decision is appealed by the defendants. The process 
for determining the capacity declaration will now proceed based on existing capacity limits, however the 
State of the Netherlands may yet decide to appeal the court’s ruling. 
Lelystad Airport opening delayed 
In April 2014, Schiphol Nederland outlined its plan to develop Lelystad Airport for commercial 
airline operations. This development includes investments in a runway and taxiways, terminal capacity and 
parking facilities to allow Lelystad Airport to eventually facilitate a maximum of 10,000 air transport 
movements per year by 2022 and 45,000 air transport movements per year by 2044 (business case scenario). 
All infrastructure construction work for the airport was completed in 2019. The total amount of the investment 
program is estimated at €100 million, of which €92 million was spent by 2020. Once the political decision to 
open Lelystad Airport has been made, the final €8 million will be invested. Schiphol Nederland has submitted 
its business plan to the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management as part of the Airport Decree 
(Luchthaven Besluit) application which was granted and published in the Dutch Bulletin of Acts, Orders and 
Decrees at the end of March 2015.  
Lelystad Airport was due to open for commercial traffic in November 2020 with the intention to 
serve as an overflow airport for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol for non-mainport traffic. However, due to the 
COVID-19 crisis, the Minister of Infrastructure and Water Management announced on 31 March 2020 that 
there is no need to compensate for shortage in capacity at Schiphol in the short-term and therefore decided to 
postpone the opening of Lelystad. In June 2022, the Minister indicated a decision on the opening of Lelystad 
Airport would not be taken until 2024. 
The opening is contingent on approval being provided in the form of the amended Airport Traffic 
Decree, a permit under the Nature Protection Act and approval of the air traffic distribution rules. In line with 
the coalition agreement, Schiphol continues to work on the permitting situation and the opening of Lelystad 
Airport.  
The Aviation Act and airport charges

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Revenue from airport charges is generated by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, Eindhoven Airport and 
Rotterdam The Hague Airport. In 2022, revenue from airport charges at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
increased by 118% to €821 million (2021: €376 million). This is attributable to an increase in the number of 
passengers at ATMs as well as an increase in the charges. In 2022, Schiphol set adjusted airport charges for 
airlines for 2023. The charges seek to balance two important goals: helping Schiphol maintain its strong 
competitive position as a high-value European airport, and regenerating its financial health due to the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic.   
Despite Schiphol’s efforts to minimise the financial impact on its airline partners, several airlines 
filed a complaint against the increase in charges with the ACM. On 21 April 2022, the ACM published a 
press release stating that RSG has set the tariffs in accordance with the law and that the objections from the 
airlines have been rejected. The first year of the three-year-period commenced on 1 April 2022. Two airlines 
have filed an appeal against the above-mentioned decision of the ACM to the ‘College van Beroep voor het 
bedrijfsleven’ (DBb). In the meantime, in October 2022, Schiphol has set adjusted charges as a result of the 
settlement 2021. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's airport charges include a self-incentive scheme that offers 
airlines greater encouragement to adopt sustainable practices. Specifically, the proposed charging structure 
deliberately incentivises cleaner, quieter aircraft, while charges for noisier, more polluting carriers are up to 
six times higher. Schiphol Nederland has also included a nitrogen oxide (NOx) element in its airport charges 
to incentivise the reduction of aviation-related nitrogen emissions. 
PFAS soil contamination 
PFAS contamination of the soil was detected during excavations in the context of development 
projects at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Since 2017 local legislation is in place that requires Schiphol to 
clean PFAS-contaminated soil when the contamination causes environmental risks. Legislation at the national 
level was introduced in 2019. Changes to the local legislation in 2019 and 2020 do not affect the way in 
which PFAS contaminated soil is being dealt with at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. A provision of €19.2 
million has been recognised by Royal Schiphol Group for expenditures to be incurred for the temporary 
storage and decontamination and/or depositing of the contaminated soil. No provision has been made for the 
potential PFAS contamination under existing assets. 
Rijnland PFOS soil contamination 
In July 2008, the Rijnland District Water Control Board (the “Water Board”) collected PFOS 
contaminated extinguishing foam, released during an incident at an Air France – KLM hangar at Schiphol-
Southeast and stored it in reservoirs made available by Schiphol. The Water Board had been granted a permit 
for this by the province of North-Holland. Although the contaminated foam was removed and decontaminated 
in 2009, it was later discovered that the soil and groundwater around the reservoirs had also been 
contaminated. As the owner of the land concerned, Schiphol suffered damage as a result of this contamination.  
In 2011, the Water Board removed the sludge from the reservoirs to prevent it from causing any 
further contamination. Monitoring confirmed that this was effective. In 2015 it was concluded that a final 
solution for the soil contamination could not yet been realized due to a lack of standardization and remediation 
techniques. Air France – KLM, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Rijnland took control measures around the 
reservoirs aimed at preventing the further spread of PFOS. The control measures are related to the 
construction of a bentonite wall around the contaminated area. Since the wall is watertight, rain and seepage 
have to be drained off. This required the construction of a filter installation in order to be able to pump, filter 
and transport the water out of the soil into an adjacent ditch. Air France – KLM, Schiphol Nederland and 
Rijnland each financed a third of the costs of the control measures taken without any party acknowledging 
its responsibility for the damage incurred.  
In 2023, parties plan to reassess the future control measures. The amount of the potential costs is yet 
to be determined. The watercourses at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol that were contaminated during the 
incident in 2008 have been cleaned within the framework of the regular dredging programme. The additional 
costs incurred on top of the regular dredging programme for the transport and processing of the contaminated

--- Page 119 ---
119 
material have been charged to Air France – KLM. Evides, a water decontamination company, is taking 
measures in consultation with the municipality of Haarlemmermeer to deal with the water treatment facilities, 
soil and groundwater that were also contaminated during the incident. Evides, Schiphol Nederland and Air 
France – KLM have discussed further action to manage the contamination. Consultations with the competent 
authorities were started at the end of 2013 with the aim to check the plan against laws and regulations. Evides, 
Air France – KLM and Schiphol Nederland took measures in 2014/15 to protect the quality of the surface 
water in the ditch next to the waste water purification plant. The province of North-Holland set new guidelines 
with regard to PFOS in 2017, which did not necessitate any adjustments to the existing measures taken at the 
former basins. The new reuse policy that the municipality of Haarlemmermeer drafted in October 2017 does 
not influence the current situation either. Air France – KLM, Schiphol Nederland and Rijnland have agreed 
to postpone discussions on a financial settlement until remediation techniques for the cleaning of 
contaminated soil become available. As a result, it is currently not possible to determine a reliable estimate 
of the expected costs. There are no developments that change the liability position of Schiphol Nederland in 
this case at this point. 
Regulation, noise management and long term growth 
In 2003, the amended Aviation Act came into force and included a system of noise regulation. 
Operations at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol were required to remain within the annual allowable noise limit 
as well as within limits established by the regulation at each individual ‘enforcement point’. The noise limits 
were based on a scenario developed in 2001 for the expected runway usage in the period 2005-2010. 
However, the aviation sector has not developed as foreseen, resulting in breaches of the noise limits at some 
enforcement points whilst there is considerable ‘unused’ noise capacity at other enforcement points. 
In December 2006, the government established a consultative body, formerly called the ‘Alders 
Platform’, currently ‘ORS’, under the direction of former minister Hans Alders, charged with determining 
how Amsterdam Airport Schiphol could grow in the short (to 2010) and medium (2020) term within the 
established environmental constraints while reducing noise hindrance. The parties taking part in the 
consultative process included the aviation sector, the government, the province, the local municipalities and 
local residents’ organisations. 
In 2008, Royal Schiphol Group reached agreements with the participants in the Alders Platform on 
measures to limit nuisance, noise related and otherwise, on the development of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
in the medium term and on measures to improve the liveability in the surrounding region. 
One agreement concerned carrying out a trial to assess a new noise enforcement system. In August 
2010, the Alders Platform presented a new system to the Cabinet as part of its recommendations. The Cabinet 
and The House of Representatives (Tweede Kamer der Staten Generaal) adopted this recommendation and 
the trial was subsequently launched on 1 November 2010. The new noise system is based around the principle 
that runways causing disturbance to the least number of people will be used as often as possible. Growth is 
permitted but maximum allowable noise hindrance is limited and shall be less than or equal to that under the 
current system. The new system was piloted for a period of two years until 31 October 2012, after which the 
Alders Platform evaluated the trial results. Following this evaluation, the Alders Platform reached agreement 
on a new system of environmental noise standards in October 2013 called the New Standards and 
Enforcement System. In January 2015, Schiphol Nederland reached an agreement under which growth at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol until at least 2020 would be capped at 500,000 air transport movements per 
year. This new noise enforcement system was implemented in anticipation of completion of the final step of 
this process, amendment of the Airport Traffic Decree.  
On 2 April 2020, the Ministry ruled that it rejects enforcement requests from local resident and 
environmental groups, based on Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s extensive historic rights and the assessment 
by the Ministry that such enforcement would be disproportionate. The Ministry further ruled that the various 
airports in the Netherlands (including those operated by Royal Schiphol Group), will need to apply for a 
permit under the Nature Protection Act. In November 2020, applications were first submitted for nature 
conservation permits (natuurvergunning) under the Nature Conservation Act (Wet natuurbescherming) for

--- Page 120 ---
120 
both Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport. When granted, the permits will confirm the 
maximum amount of nitrogen emissions and their resulting deposits. RSG is implementing a ‘Nitrogen 
Action Plan’, which launched in 2020 and which is embedded in its ‘Most Sustainable Airports’ roadmap 
and includes, amongst other things, a range of measures to reduce nitrogen emissions, including electrification 
of ground handling equipment, the use of electric busses, electrification of the aircraft stands to provide 
electric power connections for aircraft and the development of sustainable taxiing. The measures which RSG 
can take at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport and Lelystad Airport are not sufficient to mitigate nitrogen 
depositions in designated nature conservation areas located further away from the airports, and RSG must 
use external mitigation to offset the excess nitrogen deposits. In 2022, sufficient external nitrogen deposition 
rights were secured through the acquisition of farms or unused nitrogen deposition rights from farmers for 
both Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and Lelystad Airport to comply with current requirements and in March 
2023 amended applications for nature conservation permits were submitted for both Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol and Lelystad Airport.   
On 24 June 2022, the Dutch government announced its intention to reduce the maximum number 
of flight movements at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol from November 2023 onwards. The reduction in is 
expected to be implemented in three stages. The first stage to be implemented on 1 November 2023 involves 
ending anticipatory enforcement by of the New Standards and Enforcement System in November 2023. The 
second stage involves a further reduction of the maximum number of air transport movements at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol from 460,000 to 440,000 following the carrying out of the an EU ‘Balanced Approach’ 
procedure. The government is aiming to complete this procedure for implementation in November 2024. The 
final stage involves the incorporation of a new system of environment limits into an amended Airport Traffic 
Decree. This new system of environmental limits will be developed based on the current environment effects 
associated with 440,000 air transport movements per year. Future growth beyond the envisaged 440,000 air 
transport movements would then only be possible if there is a reduction in the environmental effects. It is 
anticipated that it will take up to five years to develop and implement this new system of environmental 
limits. See “Air transport movements cap at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol” above. A court ruling on 5 April 
2023 has prohibited the implementation of the first stage for the operational year beginning on 1 November 
2023. It is not yet clear how this ruling will affect the implementation of the government’s plans as outlined 
above.  
A reduction of the limit to 440,000 air transport movements could affect the recovery of traffic at 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to pre-COVID-19 levels. Airlines will likely not be allocated requested slots, 
potentially impacting connectivity (as airlines may take - and already are taking - action by using larger 
aircraft or switching to a different airport) and it will significantly hamper the further development of the 
network of destinations, as new routes can only be developed if existing frequencies are reduced or 
abandoned.  
Royal Schiphol Group believes that safety, noise management, CO2 emission and air quality are the 
key factors in managing capacity at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol uses a range 
of measures to manage noise, emissions and air quality effectively, including higher tariffs for noisier (and 
more polluting) aircraft and for night-time take-offs and landings, incentives such as tariff discounts for the 
utilisation of less noisy aircraft, regular consultation with air traffic control to ensure optimal runway 
configuration (which affects the distribution of noise at various enforcement points at and around the airport) 
and approach and landing procedures and physical planning at the airport site. 
On 3 April 2023, RSG announced a its intention to work to implement a number of measures to create 
a better balance between the positive economic impact of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol with the negative 
environmental and noise impact – the ‘Better in Balance’ measures. Seven measures have been identified 
which will create a better environment by reducing aircraft noise and an eighth measure is intended to improve 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s control over working conditions for staff of ground handling companies. 
RSG aims to actively work with the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management towards its 
development of a new system of environmental limits to include not only noise limits but also carbon dioxide 
limits and other emissions limits. A new system of environmental limits anchored in law in an amended

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Airport Traffic decree provides long term clarity for the future development of air traffic at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol. RSG would like to see this new system in place in 2025. 
The second measure involves restricting access to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol  for noisy aircraft. 
RSG aims for a phased implementation by annually increasing the types of aircraft that are no longer 
permitted access to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol over a period of three years in its annual capacity 
declaration. The proposed capacity declaration for the operational year beginning on 1 November 2023 is the 
first to include a list of noisy aircraft no longer permitted to use Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. As this 
represents a change to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s operating conditions, it must be done in consultation 
with the airlines using Amsterdam Airport Schiphol as part of the tariff consultation process in accordance 
with the Aviation Act. Future further restrictions on noisy aircraft must also each be introduced in consultation 
as part of the tariff setting process in accordance with the Aviation Act. The aim of this measure is to reduce 
the noise impact on local communities by requiring airlines to use quieter aircraft at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol. This measure impacts airlines operating at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and the way in which they 
are able to deploy their fleet of aircraft. Airlines based at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol will be most affected 
as they will be unable to use their nosier aircraft to or from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. 
The third measure involves stopping air transport movements during the night by no longer providing 
night time take-off and landing slots in the annual capacity declaration. As this represents a change to 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s operating conditions, it must be done in consultation with the airlines using 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol as part of the tariff consultation process in accordance with the Aviation Act. 
Stopping night time operations is the single most effective measure in in reducing severe noise hindrance for 
nearby residents. This measure also has the most impact on the operations of airlines as 10,000 flights 
currently take place during the night, of which 55% are operated by Transavia. Cargo airlines will also be 
affected but to a lesser extent. RSG is carrying out an investigation into how best to implement this measure 
by 1 November 2025. 
The fourth measure consists of closing the airport for most private aircraft. Private aircraft have 
significantly higher carbon dioxide emissions and noise production per passenger than commercial aircraft 
flying to the same destination. Private aircraft contribute about 0.5% to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol’s 
revenues and for the most frequent private flight destinations there are multiple commercial flights per day. 
Implementation of a parameter limiting private aircraft use at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the capacity 
declaration must be agreed to by ACNL, the independent slot coordinator. Alternatively, this measure can be 
implemented by ending lease contracts with private operators based at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. 
The fifth measure concerns no longer requesting the government to maintain a spatial reserve for the 
development of a third parallel runway. By releasing this reserve the long term growth of Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol is limited which is in line with current and anticipated environment restrictions. 
The sixth measure involves investing €10 million annually in noise abatement measures for noise 
affected local communities, such as innovative construction methods, sound insulation for homes and 
regional development. Plans and governance are being developed in consultation with the Ministry of 
Infrastructure and Water Management. 
The seventh measure concerns a proposal to allocate 2.5% of the total number of annual landing and 
take-off slots in the capacity declaration for cargo aircraft. One of the rules of the slot allocation process is 
the right of an airline to keep all its awarded slots in a subsequent year if it used at least 80% of the slots in 
the previous year. As cargo airlines typically only use slots if they are able to fly at mostly full capacity, they 
are far less likely to use 80% of the awarded slots. As a result, the number of cargo flights declined pre-
COVID-19 when Amsterdam Airport Schiphol was operating at full capacity and is likely to decline again if 
new capacity restrictions are introduced. Furthermore, cargo airlines are more likely to operate slots during 
the night and operate older and noisier aircraft thereby being affected by the second and third measures 
described above. In order to protect the cargo business at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, RSG proposes to 
allocate 2.5% of its available slots in the capacity declaration for cargo airlines. A change to the EU slot 
coordination regulation is required for Airport Coordination Netherlands (ACNL) to be able to implement

--- Page 122 ---
122 
the proposed measure. It is highly uncertain whether RSG will be successful in being able to influence a 
change to the EU slot coordination regulation. If unsuccessful, the cargo market at Amsterdam Airport 
Schiphol may decline significantly. This could have a material adverse effect on RSG’s business, results of 
operations, prospects and financial condition. 
The eight measure concerns a renewed focus on the well-being of people working at Schiphol. RSG 
seeks to work with ground handling companies operating at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to realise a new 
operating model with a renewed focus on people. In 2023 RSG will introduce a ‘License to Operate’ for 
ground handlers operating at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which will include rules regarding the use of lifting 
aids and goals for the electrification of ground service equipment to reduce fine particle emissions from diesel 
engines. With these measures Schiphol seeks to improve working conditions and make Amsterdam Airport 
a more attractive place to work. 
Financing 
In 2022, the total amount of consolidated outstanding loans and lease liabilities of Royal Schiphol 
Group decreased by €42 million from €5,407 million to €5,365 million. 
The decrease was mainly the result of repaying €9 million on loans from the European Investment 
Bank and €18 million on the loan for Eindhoven Airport. At present, it is possible to raise funds of up to €5 
billion under the EMTN Programme, of which €4,409 million has been issued under this Programme. 
In light of the recent negative impact of COVID-19 on its business, RSG continues to attach great 
importance to liquidity. Royal Schiphol Group has a Euro Commercial Paper (ECP) programme with a 
current limit of €1 billion as well as a number of committed undrawn facilities to the value of €675 million 
with BNP Paribas, ABN AMRO, ING, Natwest Markets, BNG, EIB, SMBC and Rabobank.  
Slot co-ordination 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has been fully slot-co-ordinated since 1998. Based on the number of 
air transport movements, determined in the capacity declaration, Royal Schiphol Group indicates to the slot 
co-ordinator the number of slots to be allocated to the airlines. Slot co-ordination is a neutral, transparent and 
non-discriminatory system for allocating the right to land or depart at a specified date and time in line with 
EU Regulation 95/93, as amended, and the Worldwide Airport Slot Guidelines. It therefore creates a 
mechanism to, among others, allocate the available noise allowance within the established noise zones. The 
slot co-ordinator, ACNL is an independent organisation that allocates the slots in conformity with the 
coordination parameters determined in the capacity declaration. 
Capacity Declaration 
The capacity declaration, which is issued for each upcoming winter and summer season, specifies the 
capacity limits that the independent slot coordinator, ACNL, observes when allocating slots to the airlines. 
The current capacity limits are based on legal environmental limits, the hourly capacity of the runway system 
as established by LVNL, and the number of positions for so-called ‘wide body’ aircraft. 
  
Since 2020, the airport operator has been responsible for determining Schiphol's capacity declaration 
in accordance with Dutch Slot Allocation Decree. Consultation with the airlines takes place through the 
Coordination Committee Netherlands (CCN), which advises on, among other points, bottlenecks, slots and 
capacity issues.  
Security 
Security has become an increasingly important aspect of the airport business. Regulation governing 
airport security has evolved rapidly over the past decade on all levels: internationally, within the EU, and in 
the Netherlands.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Since 2004, RSG and Schiphol Nederland as airport operators have been charged by the Ministry of 
Justice to carry out preventative security duties at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and the other Dutch Royal 
Schiphol Group airports. This includes the screening of passengers, cabin baggage, hold baggage, personnel 
and the goods they carry, additional measures for high risk flights, internal company security, access control 
to all secure areas, and perimeter control. In addition, Royal Schiphol Group must accommodate and provide 
facilities (supply of space, passes, security facilities, etc.) to the Dutch Government in its security-related 
activities (airport police, customs and immigration) at Royal Schiphol Group airports. 
The costs associated with the Royal Schiphol Group’s security duties are passed on to users via a 
security services charge per passenger. These costs fall under the economic regulatory framework. See “The 
Aviation Act and airport charges” above. 
The Ministry of Justice has ultimate responsibility for regulating security requirements at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol and has the power to impose security measures. 
The risk pertaining to the involvement of RSG and Schiphol Nederland, as the designated airport 
operators of the Royal Schiphol Group airports, in these activities is the exposure to potential civil liability 
claims which may result in liability of RSG and Schiphol Nederland. Royal Schiphol Group takes out 
insurance against these risks. In addition, the Dutch Government will indemnify RSG and Schiphol Nederland 
for third party liabilities due to acts of terrorism in respect of aviation security tasks in the Netherlands for 
damages which exceed the amount which can reasonably be insured in normal insurance markets. 
Environment 
Royal Schiphol Group reports, as part of RSG’s Annual Report, its non-financial performance and 
disclosures, in particular in the area of Corporate Responsibility. The bulk of Royal Schiphol Group’s 
Corporate Responsibility reporting relates to policies implemented by, and the activities of Schiphol 
Nederland and is externally reviewed (Global Reporting Initiative and complies with option core). It contains 
Corporate Responsibility disclosures including performance measurements and environmental and 
community policy decisions and activities, for such issues as noise, air quality, soil, water, energy and waste. 
Royal Schiphol Group has implemented an environmental management system at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol. 
Disputes 
I           Pier A 
On 29 November 2021, Schiphol terminated the contract with the contractor (a joint venture between 
Ballast Nedam and TAV Construction - BN-TAV) for the construction of Pier A. The termination was done 
in an organised way, whereby a controlled hand over of the construction site has taken place from BN-TAV 
to Schiphol. A new contractor was appointed to finish the construction of Pier A. Since the termination, both 
parties have undertaken a formal process of mediation with the aim of resolving all disputes. At the end of 
July 2022, Schiphol decided to withdraw from the mediation.  
BN-TAV submitted parts of its final account in February 2023, which includes interim claims for 
delays, additional work (meerwerk), ‘unlawful termination’ and ‘miscellaneous claims of subcontractors’. In 
total, BN-TAV claims €281 million. In return, Schiphol has submitted to BN-TAV a counterclaim of €93 
million for delay damages, costs of rectifying defective work, additional costs and recoverable costs. This 
claim only covers the period up to termination. Schiphol is also entitled under the contract to submit claims 
for the costs of rectifying defective work, further delays and the additional costs to complete the project after 
the termination. Contractors have been appointed to complete emergency works to protect the asset and 
complete the project, records from these contracts will be compiled for cost-to-complete claims. The 
finalisation of Schiphol's counterclaims is dependent on the completion of the project. It is currently uncertain 
if more claims will be submitted by either BN-TAV or Schiphol. BN-TAV is challenging the legal basis of 
the termination. Schiphol disputes the claims submitted by BN-TAV. There is no change to the legal status 
of the dispute process and as a result no change to a contingent liability as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
II 
Airline claims 
A number of claims were received from airlines in 2022 seeking compensation for damages stated to be 
caused by the impact of the operational challenges experienced by Schiphol Group during specific periods in 
2022, some of which involve legal proceedings. Schiphol does not consider itself to be liable for damages 
and no provision has been taken in its accounts. 
403 Declaration and RSG Guarantee 
As part of the De-merger a so-called 403 Declaration was filed by RSG with the trade register 
pursuant to Section 2:403 of the DCC (“Section 403”) in respect of Schiphol Nederland. In general, Section 
403 provides an exemption from the requirement on Dutch subsidiary companies to prepare full and 
complete published audited annual accounts. In order to qualify for this exemption, the following 
requirements, inter alia, had to be fulfilled: (a) the financial information of Schiphol Nederland had to be 
consolidated into the audited and published accounts of RSG; (b) RSG had to issue a declaration in 
accordance with Section 403 (“403 Declaration”) in writing that it assumes joint and several liability for 
the obligations of Schiphol Nederland, which resulted from legal acts performed by Schiphol Nederland; 
and (c) the 403 Declaration had to be filed with the trade register together with the audited consolidated 
financial statements of RSG. The requirements set out in Section 403 have been satisfied and therefore it 
will not be necessary for Schiphol Nederland to prepare any audited or published accounts subject to the 
following paragraph. 
RSG is entitled, in accordance with Section 403, to terminate the joint and several liability pursuant 
to Section 403 by filing a declaration to this effect with the trade register. Upon such document being 
filed, RSG will not be jointly and severally liable for any liabilities resulting from legal acts entered into by 
Schiphol Nederland after the date of such filing and Schiphol Nederland will then be obliged to prepare and 
make public audited annual accounts. As for the liabilities resulting from legal acts entered into by Schiphol 
Nederland before the date of such filing, RSG will remain jointly and severally liable until (i) Schiphol 
Nederland no longer forms part of Royal Schiphol Group, (ii) a notice of the intention to terminate has been 
available for inspection with the trade register for two months, (iii) two months have passed since an 
announcement has been published in a national newspaper stating that the notice referred to in (ii) above 
is available for inspection at the trade register, and (iv) no creditor has filed an opposition within the 
permitted time, or where such opposition has been filed, it has been withdrawn or declared unfounded 
by final court judgment. 
Notwithstanding a termination of the 403 Declaration as described above, in respect of the Notes 
issued by it under the Programme, Schiphol Nederland will continue to have the benefit of an unconditional 
and irrevocable guarantee from RSG under the RSG Guarantee.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF RSG 
The following financial information has been extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Royal Schiphol Group N.V. (“RSG”) for each of the years ending 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, set out in the financial statements of RSG for 2022 as filed with the Chamber of Commerce.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of RSG for each of the years ending 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and Part 9, Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021 
 
(in thousands of €) 
2022 
 
2021 
Revenue 
1,490,591 
 
816,267 
Other results from investment property 
-191,632 
 
68,852 
Cost of outsourced work and other external costs 
877,859 
 
603,209 
Employee benefits 
241,616 
 
128,366 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
331,025 
 
298,929 
Total operating expenses 
1,450,500 
 
1,030,504 
Operating result 
-151,541 
 
-145,385 
Financial income 
149,872 
 
297,739 
Financial expenses 
-166,258 
 
-112,622 
Financial income and expenses 
-16,386 
 
185,116 
Share in results of associates and joint ventures 
32,509 
 
-2,073 
Result before tax 
-135,418 
 
37,658 
Income tax expense 
58,124 
 
66,053 
Result for the year 
-77,294 
 
103,712 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests 
8,962 
 
-959 
Shareholders (net result)7 
-86,256 
 
104,671 
Basic earnings per share (in €) 
-5098 
 
562 
 
7 No dividends will be paid out for the 2022 and 2021 financial years. 
8 Result attributable to shareholders/number of weighted-average shares.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
2022 AND 31 DECEMBER 2021 
 
(in thousands of €) 
2022 
 
2021 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
 
 
Cash flow from operations 
442,981 
 
12,250 
Income taxes and interest paid, interest and dividends received 
-89,675 
 
-91,567 
Cash flow from operating activities 
353,306 
 
-79,317 
Cash flow from investing activities 
215,920 
 
-299,287 
Free cash flow 
569,226 
 
-378,604 
Cash flow from financing activities 
-438,005 
 
544,892 
Net cash flow 
131,221 
 
166,288 
Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents 
919,760 
 
753,449 
Net cash flow 
131,221 
 
166,288 
Exchange and translation differences 
-135 
 
23 
Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents 
1,050,846 
 
919,760

--- Page 127 ---
127 
FACTS AND FIGURES OF AMSTERDAM AIRPORT SCHIPHOL 
Introduction 
The current site of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has functioned as an airport since 1916. In 2022, 
52.5 million passengers used Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, there were approximately 397,646 air transport 
movements and 1.4 million tonnes of cargo were transported through the airport. Within Europe, Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol is the second largest airport in terms of direct connectivity, the third largest airport in terms 
of hub connectivity, the fourth largest airport based on the number of passengers and the fourth largest in 
terms of volume in freight operations (in 2022). 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is situated in the heart of the Dutch “Randstad” (i.e. an area including 
Amsterdam, The Hague, Utrecht, and Rotterdam that has approximately five million residents). RSG, as 
airport operator, estimates that the catchment area (defined as the area within a two hour drive of Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol) of the airport covers approximately 35 million people in the Netherlands, Germany and 
Belgium. 
Trains stop directly under the terminal in the country’s sixth largest train station in terms of the 
number of passengers, with direct service to major domestic cities as well as several international 
destinations. The airport is also positioned at the crossroads of major North-South and East-West motorways. 
By train or car, the airport is approximately 15 minutes from Amsterdam and 45 minutes from Rotterdam. 
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol grounds: 
2,877hectares 
Runway system 
Five main runways each of at least 3,300 metres providing an estimated runway capacity of 600,000 
take-offs and landings per year (subject to environmental constraints). 
Aircraft stands:9 
 
Number of Parking spaces for 
cars:10 
 
Connected stands for Passenger handling… 
Remote passenger stands (handling + 
parking)…………………………………… 
Cargo Stands……………………………… 
Schiphol Oost……………………………... 
91 
84 
17 
28 
Passengers/visitors .............................. 
Employees working at Amsterdam 
Airport Schiphol ..................................
25,253
12,666
Total..................................................... 
220 
Total ....................................................
37,919
 
Transport movements (Number of takeoffs and landings) 
2022.....................................................
397,646
2012.....................................................
423,407
2021.....................................................
266,967
2011.....................................................
420,249
2020.....................................................
227,304
2010.....................................................
386,316
2019.....................................................
496,826
2009......................................................
391,264
2018..................................................... 
499,444
2008......................................................
428,332
2017.....................................................
496,748
2007......................................................
435,973
2016.....................................................
478,864
2006......................................................
423,122
2015.....................................................
450,679
2005......................................................
404,594
2014.....................................................
438,296
2004......................................................
402,738
2013.....................................................
425,565
2003......................................................
392,997
 
9 For more information regarding Schiphol’s aircraft stands please refer to: Schiphol | Aircraft stand allocation. 
10 This excludes building related parking spaces (the Base, Outlook, etc.).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Number of passenger movements  
(including transit-direct passengers) 
2022 .....................................................
52,472,188
2021 .....................................................
25,492,633
2020 .....................................................
20,884,044
2019 .....................................................
71,706,999
2018 .....................................................
71,053,157
2017 .....................................................
68,515,425
2016 .....................................................
63,625,534
2015 .....................................................
58,284,864
2014 .....................................................
54,978,023
2013 .....................................................
52,527,699
2012 .....................................................
51,035,590
2011 .....................................................
49,755,252
2010 .....................................................
45,211,749
2009 .....................................................
43,570,370
2008 .....................................................
47,430,019
2007 .....................................................
47,794,994
2006 .....................................................
46,066,050
2005 .....................................................
44,163,098
2004 .....................................................
45,541,180
2003 .....................................................
39,960,400
 
Number of passenger movements (in millions) at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in 2022 divided per 
region (compared to 2021) 
Region 
2022 
2021 
% 
Europe ……………………………….. 
37.1 
18.98 
96% 
North America ..................................... 
6.0 
2.06
192% 
Central & South America ..................... 
3.5 
1.88 
84% 
Africa..................................................... 
2.2 
1.08
103% 
Middle East........................................... 
2.0 
0.81 
147% 
Far East................................................. 
1.6 
0.68 
143% 
Total....................................................... 
52.5 
25.49
105.9% 
 
Cargo (Tonnes) 
2022……………………………………. 
1,437,812
2021……………………………………. 
1,667,304
2020……………………………………. 
1,441,521
2019…………………………………….
1,570,261
2018…………………………………….
1,716,982
2017…………………………………….
1,752,498
2016…………………………………….
1,662,282
2015 ……………………………………
1,620,970
2014 …………………………………… 
1,633,195
2013…………………………………….
1,531,089
2012 .........................................................
1,483,448
2011 .........................................................
1,523,806
2010 .........................................................
1,512,256

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Ranking ten largest European airports (Air transport movements) (x1000) 
 
 
2022 
2021
% change 
1
Istanbul Airport................................................................
418
276
  51%  
2 
Paris CDG………............................................................ 
403 
250 
61%
3
Amsterdam………….......................................................
398
267
49%
4 
London Heathrow............................................................ 
377 
190 
98%
5 
Frankfurt…...................................................................... 
369
252
47%
6 
Madrid Barajas……….................................................... 
332 
200 
65%
7 
Barcelona......................................................................... 
269 
152 
77%
8 
Munich…………............................................................. 
265 
134 
96%
9 
London Gatwick.............................................................. 
217 
54 
302%
10
Rome Fiumicino..............................................................
208
111
88%
 
 
Passenger movements (excluding transit direct passengers counted once) (x1000) 
2022
2021 
% change 
1
Istanbul Airports (IST)…...............................................
64,287
36,983
74%
2 
London Heathrow……………........................................ 
61,599 
19,393 
218%
3
Paris CDG………...........................................................
57,469
26,199
119%
4 
Amsterdam...................................................................... 
52,471 
25,491 
106%
5 
Madrid Barajas................................................................ 
50,590 
24,109 
110%
6 
Frankfurt.......................................................................... 
48,817 
24,777 
97%
7 
Barcelona......................................................................... 
41,550 
18,788 
121%
8
London Gatwick...............................................................
32,849
6,281
423%
9
Munich.............................................................................
31,623
12499
153%
10 
Paris Orly………............................................................. 
29,184 
29,184 
86%
 
 
Cargo volume (Tonnes) 
 
 
2022
2021
% change 
1
Frankfurt...........................................................................
1,924
2,229
-14%
2 
Paris CDG………. ........................................................... 
1,859 
1,958 
-5%
3
Leipzig .............................................................................
1,509
1,589
-5%
4 
Amsterdam……………………………………………... 
1,438 
1,667 
-14%
5 
Istanbul Airport................................................................ 
1,426 
759 
88%
6
London Heathrow............................................................
1,351
1,397
-4%
7 
Liège…………................................................................ 
1,140 
1,412 
-19%
8
Luxembourg.....................................................................
970 
1,088
-11%
9 
Cologne/Bonn................................................................. 
958 
967 
       -1%
10 
Milan Malpensa ..............................................................
717 
739 
-3%
 
 
Financial results for Royal Schiphol Group (in millions of €) 
Year 
Net Profit attributable to 
shareholders
Revenue 
2022
-86
1,491
2021
105
816
2020
-563
688

--- Page 130 ---
130 
2019
355
1,615
2018
279
1,509
2017
280
1,458
2016
306
1,435
2015
374
1,423
2014
272
1,438
2013
227
1,364
2012
198
1,353
2011
195
1,278

--- Page 131 ---
131 
TAXATION 
DUTCH TAXATION 
This summary solely addresses the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued on or after the date of this Prospectus and does not purport to 
describe every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder. Tax matters are complex, and 
the tax consequences of the offering to a particular holder of Notes will depend in part on such holder’s 
circumstances. Accordingly, a holder is urged to consult his own tax adviser for a full understanding of the 
tax consequences of the offering to him, including the applicability and effect of Dutch tax laws. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the 
equivalent Dutch concepts under Dutch tax law. Where in this summary the terms “the Netherlands” and 
“Dutch” are used, these refer solely to the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
This summary is based on the tax law of the Netherlands (unpublished case law not included) as 
it stands at the date of this Prospectus. The tax law upon which this summary is based, is subject to 
changes, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such change may invalidate the contents of this summary, 
which will not be updated to reflect such change.  
The summary in this Dutch taxation paragraph does not address the Dutch tax consequences for 
a holder of Notes who: 
(i) 
is a person who may be deemed an owner of Notes for Dutch tax purposes pursuant to 
specific statutory attribution rules in Dutch tax law; 
(ii) 
is, although in principle subject to Dutch corporation tax, in whole or in part, specifically 
exempt from that tax in connection with income from Notes; 
(iii) 
is an investment institution as defined in the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969; 
(iv) 
is an entity that, although in principle subject to Dutch corporation tax, is fully or partly 
exempt from Dutch corporation tax; 
(v) 
owns Notes in connection with a membership of a management board or a supervisory 
board, an employment relationship, a deemed employment relationship or management 
role; 
(vi) 
has a substantial interest in the relevant Issuer or a deemed substantial interest in the 
relevant Issuer for Dutch tax purposes. Generally, a person holds a substantial interest if (a) 
such person – either alone or, in the case of an individual, together with his partner or any 
of his relatives by blood or by marriage in the direct line (including foster-children) or of 
those of his partner for Dutch tax purposes – owns or is deemed to own, directly or 
indirectly, 5% or more of the shares or of any class of shares of such Issuer, or rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such an interest in the shares of such Issuer or profit 
participating certificates relating to 5% or more of the annual profits or to 5% or more of 
the liquidation proceeds of such Issuer, or (b) such person's shares, rights to acquire shares 
or profit participating certificates in such Issuer are held by him following the application 
of a non-recognition provision; or 
(vii) 
is for Dutch tax purposes taxable as a corporate entity and a resident or deemed to be 
resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten. 
Withholding tax 
All payments under Notes, including any payments under the Guarantees, may be made free from

--- Page 132 ---
132 
withholding or deduction of or for any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the Netherlands, except (a) that Dutch 
withholding tax may apply with respect to payments of interest made or deemed to be made by the relevant 
Issuer if the interest payments are made or deemed to be made to a related party, which (i) is resident in a 
low-tax or non-cooperative jurisdiction as specifically listed in an annually updated Dutch regulation, (ii) has 
a permanent establishment in any such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, (iii) is neither resident 
in the Netherlands nor in a low-tax or non-cooperative jurisdiction, and is entitled to the interest with the 
main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid withholding tax of another person, (iv) is a hybrid entity, 
or (v) is not resident in any jurisdiction, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, or 
(b) where Notes are issued under such terms and conditions that such Notes are capable of being classified 
as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch tax purposes or actually function as equity of the relevant Issuer 
within the meaning of article 10, paragraph, 1 letter d of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969 and where 
Notes are issued that are redeemable in exchange for, convertible into or linked to shares or other equity 
instruments issued or to be issued by either one or both of the Issuers or an entity related to either one or both 
of the Issuers. 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Individuals 
If a holder of Notes is an individual who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for purposes of Dutch income tax he will not be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of any 
benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Notes, except if  
(i) 
he derives profits from an enterprise, whether as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-
entitlement to the net value of such enterprise, other than as a shareholder, and such 
enterprise is carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in the Netherlands, and his Notes are attributable to such 
permanent establishment or permanent representative;  
(ii) 
he derives benefits or is deemed to derive benefits from or in connection with Notes that 
are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities performed in the Netherlands; or 
(iii) 
he derives profits pursuant to the entitlement to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other 
than as a holder of securities, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
his Notes are attributable. 
Corporate entities 
If a holder of Notes is a corporate entity, or an entity, including an association, a partnership and a 
mutual fund, taxable as a corporate entity, which is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands for purposes of Dutch corporation tax, it will not be subject to Dutch corporation tax in respect 
of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in connection with Notes, except if  
(i) 
it derives profits from an enterprise directly, which is carried on, in whole or in part, through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, and to which 
permanent establishment or permanent representative its Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) 
it derives profits pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of an enterprise which is 
managed in the Netherlands, other than as a holder of securities and to which enterprise its 
Notes are attributable. 
General 
A holder of Notes will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by

--- Page 133 ---
133 
reason only of the execution and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the 
performance by the relevant Issuer of its obligations under such documents or under Notes.  
If a holder of Notes is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such holder 
will for Dutch tax purposes not carry on or be deemed to carry on an enterprise, in whole or in part, through 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution 
and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the performance by the relevant Issuer 
of its obligations under such documents or under Notes. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
No Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax will arise with respect to an acquisition or deemed 
acquisition of Notes by way of gift by, or upon the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax except if, in 
the event of a gift whilst not being a resident nor being a deemed resident in the Netherlands for purposes of 
Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, the holder of Notes becomes a resident or a deemed resident in the 
Netherlands and dies within 180 days after the date of the gift. 
For purposes of Dutch gift tax and Dutch inheritance tax, a gift of Notes made under a condition 
precedent is deemed to be made at the time the condition precedent is satisfied. 
Registration taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty, other than court fees, is payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the execution 
and/or enforcement (including by legal proceedings and including the enforcement of any foreign judgment 
in the courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the issue of Notes, the performance by the 
relevant Issuer and/or relevant Guarantor of its obligations under such documents or under Notes, or the 
transfer of Notes, except that Dutch real property transfer tax may be due upon an acquisition in connection 
with Notes of real property situated in the Netherlands, (an interest in) an asset that qualifies as real 
property situated in the Netherlands or (an interest in) a right over real property situated in the Netherlands, 
for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax or, where Notes are issued under such terms and 
conditions that they represent (an interest in) an asset that qualifies as real property situated in the 
Netherlands, for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax. 
FATCA WITHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The relevant 
Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of

--- Page 134 ---
134 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (the “Programme 
Agreement”) dated 4 May 2023 agreed with the Issuers a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form 
of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient

--- Page 136 ---
136 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, 
as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer for any such offer;  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive 
form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through 
the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam with due observance of the 
Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its 
implementing regulations. No such mediation is required in respect of (a) the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes 
in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in 
definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) the issue and 
trading of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular 
Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of their 
initial distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, 
certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon 
Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not 
qualify as commercial paper traded between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the 
agreement of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987, (Staatsblad 129) (as 
amended), each transfer and acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and 
address of each party to the transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of 
such Notes. For purposes of this paragraph “Zero Coupon Notes” means Notes that are in bearer form and 
that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due 
during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this Prospectus and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated 
or distributed, nor may Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA.; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulation 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) 
and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme

--- Page 139 ---
139 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
other relevant laws of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes, and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be 
made in France only to (i) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management for the 
account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour 
compte de tiers), and/or (ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined 
in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or (iii) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting 
for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-
4 of the French Code monétaire et financier (“CMF”), and/or in a transaction that, in accordance with article 
L.411-2 of the CMF and article 211-2 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, 
does not constitute a public offer. This Prospectus has not been and will not be submitted to, nor approved 
by, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any 
other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none 
of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of RSG, Schiphol Nederland and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in the interpretation thereof.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and updates of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of 
the Directie (Management Board) of RSG dated 2 6  March 1999, 14 June 2000, 22 June 2001, 7 March 
2002, 26 March 2003, 15 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 17 April 2007, 17 April 2008, 14 April 2009, 11 
May 2010, 10 May 2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May 2013, 13 May 2014, 12 May 2015, 26 April 2016, 19 
April 2017, 17 April 2018, 29 April 2019, 8 May 2020, 13 April 2021, 21 April 2022 and 26 April 2023 
respectively, and by resolutions of the Raad van Commissarissen (Supervisory Board) of RSG dated 9 
April 1999, 9 June 2000, 22 June 2001, 28 February 2002, 26 March 2003, 14 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 
17 April 2007, 17 April 2008, 16 April 2009, 14 May 2010, 11 May 2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May  2013, 20 
December 2013 (as confirmed in the extract of 13 May 2014), 19 December  2014 (as confirmed in the extract 
of 12 May 2015), 18 December 2015 (as confirmed in the extract of 26 April 2016), 21 December 2016 (as 
confirmed in the extract of 19 April 2017), 15 December 2017 (as confirmed in the extract of 17 April 2018), 
14 December 2018 (as confirmed in the extract of 29 April 2019), 31 March 2020 (as confirmed in the extract 
of 8 May 2020), 13 April 2021 (as confirmed in the extract of 13 April 2021), 10 December 2021 (as 
confirmed in the extract of 13 April 2022) and 9 December 2022 (as confirmed in the extract of 26 April 
2023) respectively. The accession to the Programme and the update of the Programme has been duly 
authorised by Schiphol Nederland by resolutions of the Board of Management dated 7 March 2002, 26 March 
2003, 15 April 2004, 19 October 2005, 17 April 2007, 17 April 2008, 14 April 2009, 11 May 2010, 10 May 
2011, 8 May 2012, 14 May 2013, 13 May 2014, 12 May 2015, 26 April 2016, 19 April 2017, 17 April 2018, 
29 April 2019, 8 May 2020, 13 April 2021, 21 April 2022 and 26 April 2023 respectively. 
Approval Prospectus AFM 
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuers which are the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Amsterdam 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes issued under the Programme up to 
the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to trading and listed on 
Euronext Amsterdam. 
Responsibility Statement 
Each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and to the best of their knowledge of each of RSG and Schiphol Nederland the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following 
documents will, if and when published, be available, free of charge, (i) at the website of the Issuers 
(https://www.schiphol.nl) (except for the documents listed under (iv) and (vii)) and (ii) at the registered office 
of each of the Issuers and at the offices of each of the Paying Agents and electronically as specified below: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of RSG and the 
constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Schiphol Nederland 
(which can be obtained from: https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/corporate-
governance/); 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements, which include both consolidated financial statements

--- Page 142 ---
142 
and company financial statements of RSG, in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 
2022 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/annual-reports/); 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Coupons and the Talons; 
(iv) 
each set of Final Terms in respect of Notes which are listed or admitted to trading on a 
regulated 
market 
in 
the 
EEA 
(which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/emtn-programme/); 
(v) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus (which can be 
obtained from: https://www.schiphol.nl/en/schiphol-group/page/emtn-programme/); and 
(vi) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) 
a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) on a regulated market a specified or a specific segment 
of a regulated market to which only qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) have access within the UK, nor (i) offered in the EEA or (ii) in the UK in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the 
FSMA, as the case may be, will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to its holding 
of Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference. 
Requests for copies of the documents listed above should be made to: 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 601 2570 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
Email: Treasury@schiphol.nl 
1118 CP Schiphol 
Attention: Treasury & Risk Management 
The Netherlands 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 601 2570 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
Email: Treasury@schiphol.nl 
1118 CP Schiphol 
Attention: Treasury & Risk Management 
The Netherlands 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Tel: +44 20 7545 8000 
Winchester House 
Fax: +44 20 7547 6149 
1 Great Winchester Street 
Attention: Trust & Securities Services 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Tel.: +31 20 628 0708 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
Fax: +31 20 628 8481 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
Attention: Corporate Actions 
The Netherlands
In the Prospectus and any document incorporated herein by reference, references to websites or 
uniform locators (URLs) are deemed inactive textual references and are included for information purposes 
only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, 
the Prospectus. 
Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been

--- Page 143 ---
143 
scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of 
RSG or Royal Schiphol Group taken as a whole since 31 December 2022, and there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of RSG or Royal Schiphol Group taken as a whole since 31 December 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of Schiphol 
Nederland and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Schiphol Nederland since 31 
December 2022. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed under “Disputes”, there have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which RSG or Schiphol 
Nederland is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of RSG, Schiphol Nederland 
or RSG’s other Subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
The auditor of RSG is KPMG Accountants N.V., who has audited, in accordance with auditing 
standards generally accepted in the Netherlands, and rendered an unqualified auditor’s report on, RSG’s 
financial statements for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively. The partner of KPMG Accountants N.V. who signed the aforementioned auditor’s reports is a 
member of the Royal Dutch Institute of Registered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
On 10 February 2014 KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders as RSG’s auditor with effect from the 2014 financial year based on the nomination of the 
Supervisory Board. This nomination followed a competitive tender process that RSG conducted in line with 
its views on good corporate governance and the Dutch corporate governance code. 
Ratings 
The Issuers have been rated A2 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and A- (stable outlook) by S&P. The Programme 
has been rated (P)A2 (Senior Unsecured) by Moody’s and A- by S&P.  
An 'A' rating by Moody’s means obligations are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit 
risk. (Source: https://ratings.moodys.com/rating-definitions).  
An 'A-' rating by S&P means strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but somewhat susceptible to 
economic 
conditions 
and 
changes 
in 
circumstances 
(Source: 
https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/intro-to-credit-ratings).

--- Page 144 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF ROYAL SCHIPHOL GROUP N.V. 
Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202  
1118 CP Schiphol 
The Netherlands 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF SCHIPHOL NEDERLAND B.V. 
Schiphol Nederland B.V. 
Evert van de Beekstraat 202 
1118 CP Schiphol 
The Netherlands 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENTS 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To RSG and Schiphol Nederland as to Dutch law 
(except tax law) 
To RSG and Schiphol Nederland as to Dutch tax 
law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Strawinskylaan 4129 
1077 ZX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Loyens & Loeff N.V. 
Parnassusweg 300 
1081 LC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law  
Simmons & Simmons LLP
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 145 ---
AUDITORS 
of Royal Schiphol Group N.V. 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 146 ---
L_LIVE_EMEA2:101591527v12