--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité (“RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité” or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 
12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
It has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris during the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a "Regulated 
Market"), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA"). However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are 
not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market.  
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes may 
be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued 
in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Form, Denomination(s)", "Title 
and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary 
Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary 
Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on 
the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated A (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current rating of the Issuer. The rating(s) 
of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency without notice. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating 
to such Notes can be obtained free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and will also be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.rte-france.com) and the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-france.com). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Arrangers
Barclays  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers
Barclays  
CIC Market Solutions 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets  
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup  
HSBC  
Natixis  
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 July 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto published from time to time (each a "Supplement" and 
together the "Supplements")) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and its respective consolidated subsidiaries 
taken as a whole (together with the Issuer, the "Group" or the "RTE Group") and the Notes which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains the necessary information which is material to any investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason of the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement that may be published from time 
to time and with all documents incorporated by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation 
to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Term(s) (the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the "Prospectus"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arrangers (each as defined 
in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arrangers 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code" and the regulations thereunder). For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the 
Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained in this Base 
Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference). None of the Dealers or the Arrangers makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or completeness 
of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements or any 
other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers has reviewed or undertakes 
to review the financial condition or financial affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as 
it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs,

--- Page 3 ---
3
objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and legal or regulatory 
restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial 
risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with 
its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to below. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a regulated entity in the UK and does not qualify 
as a distributor or a manufacturer under UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of

--- Page 4 ---
4
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
“consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
TAXATION 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s 
jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the 
Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue "green 
bonds" and apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds of this 
Base Prospectus) (such Notes being "Green Bonds"). None of the Arrangers or the Dealers have undertaken, nor are 
responsible for, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds of this Base Prospectus), the Green 
Financing Framework (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds of this Base Prospectus), any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria for Eligible Green Projects,  any verification of whether such Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of 
the use of proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent 
thereto) by the Issuer to particular Eligible Green Projects. Accordingly, none of the Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility for any environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable" or similar labels. Each prospective investor of the Notes issued as Green Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms 
regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes issued as Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework published 
on the Issuer’s website, the Second Party Opinion delivered in respect thereof, if any, and any public reporting by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Arrangers or the Dealers as to the content, suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor 
is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any of the Arrangers or any of the Dealer to buy, sell or hold 
any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Arrangers or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. Neither the Green Financing Framework nor the Second Party Opinion forms 
part nor are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" 
or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling", "GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America.

--- Page 5 ---
5
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed in such table are 
due to rounding.

--- Page 6 ---
6
Table of Contents 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 7
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................................... 14
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 28
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 33
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES .................... 70
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................................ 71
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................................... 72
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................................... 77
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................................................. 79
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................................. 82
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................... 94
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS........................................... 97

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and should be read together with this Base 
Prospectus from which it is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be 
issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes below as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of 
this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
Issuer 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer ("LEI")  
Website of the Issuer 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
969500JRJW0K2ET1UP76 
www.rte-france.com
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the "Programme"). 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfill its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors relating to the Issuer". In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme including general risks relating to the Notes 
and risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors relating to the Notes". 
Arrangers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Société Générale 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a specific Tranche will 
be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
Programme Limit 
Up to Euro 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Any increase to this Programme limit will require the publication 
of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus and subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Paris Paying 
Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be completed in the final terms 
(the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all applicable relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity from one month from the 
date of original issue. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Specified Denomination(s) 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in a Member State (a "Regulated Market") of the 
European Economic Area ("EEA") in circumstances which 
require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency 
at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, ("FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge as set out in Condition 4 — see 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Negative Pledge". 
Events of Default (including cross default) 
There will be events of default (including a cross-default) as set 
out in Condition 9 — see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Events of Default". 
Redemption Amount 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable. Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity 
of less than one year from the date of issue and in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date at their Optional Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call Option
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes at 
par, in whole but not in part, at any time as from the residual 
maturity call option date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a 
maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than 
ten years, until the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and if at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their principal 
amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date 
set for redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" 
"Residual Maturity Call Option", "Clean-Up Call Option" and 
"Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons or 
illegality. See Condition 6 "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
and to the fullest extent then permitted by law, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation". 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate (deemed to be equal to 0), or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency pursuant to the June 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française 
("FBF") 
Master 
Agreement 
relating 
to 
transactions on forward financial instruments; or 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or 
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or €STR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and 
calculated and payable as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest or both. 
The minimum rate of interest, being the relevant rate of interest 
plus any relevant margin, shall be deemed to be zero. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, as the case may be. 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any floating 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then Independent Adviser 
may be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or screen rate

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
(as applicable) with a successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the 
terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the application of 
an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive or negative)). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more 
fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination" below. 
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes — Further Issues and Consolidation". 
Form of Notes 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
in 
either 
dematerialised 
form 
("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised
Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 "Terms and 
Conditions" of the "Notes — Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form 
("Materialised Bearer Notes") only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. 
Governing Law 
French law. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear 
France 
as 
central 
depositary 
in 
relation 
to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form 
or the lettre comptable, as the case may be, relating to such

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect 
of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes 
may or may not be admitted to trading. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, the 
second sentence of L.228-65 II, and R. 228-69 of the French Code 
de Commerce. 
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of 
the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the Representative 
will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of the Notes 
will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in 
such Series. 
Rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of "A" 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and whether such credit rating agency is 
registered (or has applied for registration) under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation, published by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of proceeds 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base 
Prospectus, except otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be used by the Issuer either (i) for 
general corporate or (ii) to finance or refinance Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base 
Prospectus) and more fully described in the framework on the 
issues of Green Bonds by the Issuer (as amended and completed 
at any time) (the "Green Financing Framework"). 
The Green Financing Framework received a Second Party Opinion 
from Vigeo Eiris. The Framework and the Second Party Opinion 
are available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.rte-
france.com/finances/chiffres-cles-et-publications-
financieres#ProgrammeEMTN). 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions (See 
"Subscription and Sale").  
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C 
Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer, the RTE Group and/or the Notes and material 
for the purpose of assessing the principal risks which may impact its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or 
associated with the Notes, and which prospective investors should be aware. 
In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the negative impact of 
such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has been assessed based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer. They are classified by importance (decreasing in 
magnitude). 
Additional risks not included in the risk factors below, e.g. because they are currently not material or not known by the Issuer, 
may result in material risks in the future. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the risks described may be combined and thus interrelated with one another. 
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors in the Notes should consider carefully all of the information 
contained and/or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, including in particular the risk factors detailed below which 
the Issuer believes represent the principal risks relating to the Issuer and the Notes. Prospective investors should make their own 
independent evaluations of all risk factors and should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
I. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.
Legal and regulatory risks
1.1
The Issuer's revenue is generated from activities subject to regulated tariffs, the level of which may have an impact 
on the Issuer's results 
The primary revenue source of the Issuer, which represents more than 82% of its consolidated revenues are tariffs 
charged by the Issuer for using the public electricity transmission network (Tarifs d'Utilisation des Réseaux Publics de 
Transport d'électricité or "TURPE"). 
The TURPE is calculated in compliance with Articles L. 341-1 et seq. of the French Energy Code (Code de l'énergie). 
In accordance with Article L.341-2 of the French Energy Code, tariffs for using the public transmission network are 
calculated in a non-discriminatory manner. Such calculation covers the total cost borne by the Issuer and includes those 
costs stemming from putting into practice its objectives and public service contracts which in turn guarantees the Issuer's 
solvency. 
Pursuant to Article L. 341-3 of the French Energy Code, the methodology used to establish the TURPE are set by the 
Commission de regulation de l'énergie (the "CRE") which also deliberates on tariff evolutions every four years. The 
CRE transmits its deliberations to the Ministers in charge of Energy and Economy relating to tariffs evolutions. These 
deliberations are published in the Official Journal of the French Republic (Journal officiel de la République française). 
In this respect, the deliberation dated 21 January 2021 in relation to TURPE for the period from August 2021 to July 
2025 issued by the CRE (Délibération 2021-12 portant décision sur le tarif d'utilisation des réseaux publics de transport 
d’électricité (TURPE 6 HTB)). The deliberations became effective on 1 August 2021 for a period of four years (i.e. until 
end of July 2025). 
The level of regulated tariffs and of the Issuer's revenue will therefore depend on the CRE's decisions relating to tariffs 
evolutions, taking into account the costs incurred by the Issuer (as provided under Article L. 341-2 of the French Energy 
Code), the energy policy guidelines (orientations de politique énergétique) indicated by the Ministers in charge of Energy 
and Economy and various incentive mechanisms (see "The level of regulated tariffs for using the for using the public 
electricity transmission network may include incentive mechanisms which may have an impact on the results of the 
Issuer" below). The TURPE also includes an "account to regulate costs and revenues" (Compte de Régulation des 
Charges et des Produits, or "CRCP"), the purpose of which is to adjust for discrepancies observed between the 
assumptions on which the tariff is based and actual figures for certain income and expense items that are considered to 
be difficult to forecast and non-controllable. In the annual tariff evolution formula, the regulation account (CRCP) 
clearance is limited to +/- 2% per year during the relevant period.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
If the level of the TURPE, for any specific four-year period, is set at a level which does not allow the Issuer to finance 
its obligations relating public service commitments (such as the necessary capital expenditures to operate, develop and 
maintain the electricity transmission system), it may have an impact on the Issuer's profitability margins, rates of return 
on investments (or other financial ratios) and may affect its long term financial capacity to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, if the assumptions used by the CRE in the context of its methodology to set the 
TURPE for any specific four-years period are not confirmed during such period and therefore the Issuer incurs more 
costs than expected at the time the TURPE was set, the CRCP mechanism may be insufficient to cover the total cost 
borne by the Issuer for the relevant period (with a regulation account clearance limited to +/- 2% per year in the tariff 
evolution formula) which could deteriorate temporarily the financial position of the Issuer (until the TURPE is set for 
the next relevant period). 
The TURPE for the current period from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2025 (TURPE 6) will be revised each year in such a 
manner so as to cover the total costs borne by the Issuer in accordance with Article L.341-2 of the French Energy Code 
taking into account (i) the annual inflation rate and (ii) +/- 2% increase or decrease relating to the CRCP, and (iii) a fixed 
rate of 0.49%. 
Annual tariff increase was set by the CRE at +1.09 % (a fixed rate of 0.49% and inflation rate of 0.6%) for the period  
from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2022. In addition in a decision dated 9 June 2022 (Deliberation n°2022-157), the CRE 
decided to decrease the TURPE by 0.01% for the period from 1 August 2022 to 31 July 2023. 
1.2
The Issuer operates its transmission activities within the context of concessions governed by public law 
The Issuer is the public transmission system operator according to standard concession specifications (cahier des charges 
de la concession du réseau public de transport) which are currently being developed in accordance with a public 
transmission network concession agreement (contrat de concession du réseau public de transport) between the French 
State and RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité dated 30 October 2008 which contains general obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the development, maintenance and operation of the public electricity transport network. 
These concession specifications could change in the future to contain obligations that are more restrictive for the Issuer, 
in particular, obligations of a financial nature, than the obligations that are currently applicable.  
The public transmission network concession will expire on 31 December 2051. No later than five years before the 
concession expiration date, RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité will request from the Minister in charge of the Energy 
sector a renewal of its concession. In addition, the French State could terminate the concession agreement due to a serious 
breach of the company’s contractual obligations (except in case of a force majeure event) and the RTE Group can give 
no assurance that in such a situation all of its liabilities would be covered. 
1.3
The Issuer's failure to comply with any applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may 
cause the Issuer to incur liability or other damages that it might be required to compensate 
The Issuer must comply with increasingly restrictive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that are the 
sources of costs. 
The Issuer's activities are subject to regulations for the protection of the environment and public health, which are 
increasingly numerous and restrictive. Most of these regulations apply each time a project is prepared or reviewed, and 
relate for example to public participation within different stages of the decision-making procedure, environmental impact 
assessment, conservation of protected species and habitats and various environmental authorisations under the French 
Environmental Code. 
Regarding public health, the main concern of the Issuer’s activities relates to the electromagnetic fields caused by the 
power transmission grid. With more and more research data available, it has become increasingly unlikely that exposure 
to electromagnetic fields constitutes a serious health hazard. Even though some uncertainty is still addressed, the original 
scientific discussion about the interpretation of controversial results has shifted to become a societal as well as political 
issue. This concern is handled at international (World Health Organization), European (Council recommendation of 12 
July 1999 on the limitation of exposure of the general public to electromagnetic fields (0 Hz to 300 GHz) – 1999/519/EC) 
and national (arrêté du 17 mai 2001 fixant les conditions techniques auxquelles doivent satisfaire les distributions 
d'énergie électrique; instruction du 15 avril 2013 relative à l’urbanisme à proximité des lignes de transport d’électricité) 
levels.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
Regarding safety, the main concern of the Issuer’s activities relates to the practice of certain activities in proximity to 
the power transmission infrastructure. Water sports, open air leisure, fishing, agriculture, tree trimming, building 
activities may be restricted through dedicated public easement and public recommendations. Project and work 
declarations near utilities networks are also submitted to specific rules according to the Environmental Code. 
The Issuer has made and will continue to make significant capital and other expenditures to comply with applicable 
environmental, health and safety regulations. The Issuer is continuously required to incur expenditures to ensure that the 
installations that it operates comply with applicable legal, regulatory and administrative requirements. These 
expenditures, which are evidenced in the Public Service Contract, mainly relate to the protection of the land and 
biodiversity, to the strengthening of cooperation with local authorities, the promotion of research and development 
activities and towards the ISO 14001 environmental certification which the Issuer obtained in 2002. Any of the Issuer's 
operations, moreover, may, in the future, become subject to stricter laws and regulations, and correspondingly greater 
compliance expenditures. 
Such regulations could lead to potential liabilities if the related costs were not covered by the transmission tariff in spite 
of the principles resulting from Article L.341-2 of the French Energy Code. Other current and future regulations in the 
environmental and health areas may also have a material financial impact on the Issuer. 
1.4
The level of regulated tariffs for using the public electricity transmission network may include incentive 
mechanisms which may have an impact on the results of the Issuer 
In accordance with Article L. 341-3 of the French Energy Code, the CRE may include incentive mechanisms for the 
determination of any tariff evolution, the purpose of which is to encourage the Issuer to improve its performance in terms 
of quality of service provided, integrating the domestic and European electricity market, ensuring reliability of supplies 
and seeking productivity improvements. 
The TURPE for the TURPE 6 Period maintains the incentive mechanisms implemented in the context of TURPE 5 (with 
the exceptions of the bonus / penalty system on quality of supply based on average outage duration and outage frequency, 
became a penalty-only system, reduction of the neutral zone around the target of the incentive mechanism for investments 
over €30 million) and introduces the following new mechanisms: (i) an incentive mechanism to control the costs of the 
electricity network projects outside major projects (i.e. projects for which costs are lower or equal to €30 million), (ii) 
an incentive mechanism to control and prioritise investment expenses on the regulation period, (iii) an incentive 
mechanism on asset management expenses, (iv) an incentive regulation for costs of balancing reserves, capped at €15 
million/year (v) an incentive regulation for congestion costs, and (vi) an incentive to promote external innovation, capped 
at €10million/year. 
Although the Issuer has put in place an efficient risk management policy to meet the requirements or objectives set out 
in the above incentive mechanisms, such mechanisms may have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial performance 
if the Issuer fails to reach such objectives or to comply with the relevant requirements. 
2.
Macroeconomic risks 
The Issuer's activities fluctuate in accordance with economic cycles and general economic conditions 
The Issuer's activities fluctuate in accordance with the economic cycles and general economic conditions of the 
geographical regions in which it operates, particularly in France. Any economic slowdown in these regions would lead 
to a reduction in energy consumption, and, consequently, would have a negative impact on the demand for electricity. 
Any significant decrease of the electricity demand could negatively impact the revenues of the Issuer which could have 
a temporary adverse effect on the Issuer's activities and financial position over a specific TURPE period since the CRCP 
mechanism may be insufficient (with a regulation account clearance limited to +/ - 2% per year in the tariff evolution 
formula) to cover the loss of revenues incurred by the Issuer (until the TURPE is set for the next relevant period) as a 
result of such economic slowdown and decrease of electricity demand. 
3.
Operational risks 
3.1
Widespread blackouts in France or in some French regions if they are attributable to the Issuer may have 
consequences for its activities and profits 
Italy, Great Britain, Denmark, Sweden and a large part of the United States and Canada experienced significant blackouts 
in 2003. The causes of these blackouts vary: local or regional imbalance between electricity generation and consumption,

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
accidental interruption to the power supply, cascaded interruptions (more difficult to overcome in a market with cross 
border exchanges), interconnection problems at borders, lack of investment and difficulty in coordinating operators on 
an open market. 
On 4 November 2006, following an incident in the German network, a significant breakdown in the electricity supply 
involved several European countries. Nevertheless, a European "blackout" was avoided and the electricity supply 
breakdown lasted less than one hour in France. Prior to this, the most recent event of this kind last occurred in France in 
1978 where half of France suffered a power outage for approximately four hours. Several incidents have occurred in the 
south-east area in the past where the Issuer had difficulties to obtain authorisations to build new lines, e.g. 3 November 
2008 (power outage for 1.2 million consumers due to a thunderstorm), 31 July 2009 (power outage for 1.2 million 
consumers due to a forest fire), 21 December 2009 (power cut for 2 million consumers due to a technical incident). On 
27 and 28 February 2010, about 20 substations and 80 lines were out of service for several hours, as a consequence of 
the Xynthia storm. 
From 30 June to 4 July 2015, a heat wave in the North West of France caused damage to measurement transformers 
leading to power outages for about 80,0000 consumers. 
The Issuer may be, or may be found to be, responsible for a blackout and be required to pay penalties as provided the in 
public transmission network concession agreement (contrat de concession du réseau public de transport) between the 
French State and RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité dated 30 October 2008. These blackouts would therefore first 
have an impact on the Issuer's income and may also result in repair costs incurred by disrupted customers. Nevertheless, 
in some cases such blackouts may be recognised as being a consequence of a force majeure event which would limit the 
Issuer's responsibility. 
3.2
Risks relating to information systems 
The Issuer relies heavily on its telecommunications network and computer systems for the management of the electricity 
transmission network. Hardware and software used by the Issuer may be damaged by human error, natural disaster, 
power loss and other events. Depending on the nature of these events, safeguard measures (such as back-up systems and 
disaster recovery plan) may be insufficient or inadequate to prevent any IT system failures which could, in turn, 
potentially lead to long supply electricity interruption (more than three minutes) and blackouts. This may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations, including increased expenses and 
decreased revenues. 
Although the Issuer cyber security policy is implemented in close coordination with the national cyber security agency 
(i.e. the Agence nationale de sécurité des systèmes d’information), the Issuer's information systems may also be the target 
of external attacks or malicious acts of any kind which can have negative effects on the integrity of its IT systems. From 
20 to 25 November 2012, the corporate web sites and mail servers hosted by the service providers of one of the German 
Transmission System Operators experienced a cyber-attack, although this did not create a threat to the security of supply. 
Although the Issuer has not experienced such type of kind of cyber-attack, they have become more frequent over the 
years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of information relating to the Issuer and can have 
negative effects on the integrity of its IT systems, with possible material adverse effect on its business, such as long 
supply electricity interruption on the transmission network (i.e. more than three minutes) and blackouts.
Finally, the Issuer is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and processing of personal data in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. Such data could be damaged or lost, or removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) 
for purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties (such as third parties or 
employees). The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its removal, 
unauthorised processing or disclosure, could have a negative impact on the Issuer's reputation, and could subject the 
Issuer to liabilities, with consequent material adverse effect on its financial condition. 
3.3
Risks associated with climatic conditions 
Electricity consumption, and thus the volume of electricity transported by the Issuer, depends to some extent on climatic 
conditions. Accordingly, mild winters (where less heating is required) or cool summers (where there is reduced demand 
for air conditioning) result in decreased demand for electricity. The Issuer's annual results may therefore be temporarily 
affected by significant climatic variations. The Issuer's operating profits also reflect the seasonal character of demand 
for electricity, which is typically higher during the coldest months and when the nights are longer.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
In addition, the Issuer's activities could be significantly affected by the physical effects of climate change in terms of 
chronic effects, i.e. if climate change becomes more pronounced with a series of mild winter periods, the issuer's results 
could be affected by the corresponding decrease for electricity.  
Any significant decrease of the electricity demand resulting from climatic conditions could negatively impact the 
revenues of the Issuer which could have a temporary adverse effect on the Issuer's activities and financial position over 
a specific TURPE period since the CRCP mechanism may be insufficient (with a regulation account clearance limited 
to +/- 2% per year in the tariff evolution formula) to cover the loss of revenues incurred by the Issuer (until the TURPE 
is set for the next relevant period) as a result of such decrease of electricity demand. 
3.4
The occurrence of work-related illnesses and accidents cannot be excluded 
Although the Issuer considers that it is substantially compliant with the laws and regulations concerning health and safety 
in the different countries in which it operates, and has taken measures intended to ensure the health and safety of its 
employees and those of its subcontractors, the risk of work-related illnesses and accidents cannot be excluded.  
The Issuer's activities require repair work intervention on the high and very high voltage network with potentially 
significant risks for employees and service providers (risk of electric shock in particular). 
The occurrence of work-related illnesses or accidents may lead to lawsuits against the Issuer and the payment of damages, 
which may prove material. 
4.
Financial risks 
In the course of its activities, the RTE Group is potentially exposed to financial risks: 
● 
interest rate risk: some of the indebtedness of the Issuer bears interest at variable rates, generally linked to 
market benchmarks (although as of 31 December 2021, 98% of the financial indebtedness of the Issuer bears 
interest at fixed rate). In addition, any increase in interest rates would increase its finance costs and increase 
the cost of refinancing existing indebtedness or obtaining new financing. Although the Issuer uses 
derivatives/hedges to actively manage the interest rate risk, these hedges could be insufficient to cover its risk 
in certain interest rate market conditions. If the Issuer cannot successfully minimise this risk, they could have 
a material adverse effect on business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. Finally, any 
decrease of interest rates would increase the assessment of long term commitments in relation to pension; 
● 
liquidity risk: low market liquidity can affect the Issuer’s access to financing sources, making the cost of 
resources excessive. In order to manage its liquidity risk, the Issuer has set up a French Negotiable European 
Commercial Paper (Neu CP) for a maximum amount of €1.5 billion and has entered into a €1.5 billion 
revolving credit facility (with a final maturity date on 21 June 2023). 
II. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1.
Risks relating to all Series of Notes
1.1 Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves a credit risk on the Issuer. As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), the 
Notes, and where applicable, any Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or 
guarantees. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks 
related to the Issuer as described above). If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the 
Noteholders could be significant: a deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to negative repercussions on the 
Noteholders because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the 
value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
1.2 French insolvency law
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, 
the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in 
France.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and 
on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and 
amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been implemented into French law by the Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021 which applies as from 1 October 2021 and amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to 
the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected 
parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as well as secured and unsecured receivables, shall 
be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that 
each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable 
criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that 
they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders 
will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, no 
quorum being required. If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified 
by the court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes 
through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Masse described in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions 
that apply in these circumstances.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could negatively 
and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able 
to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.3 Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders or consulting 
them by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of 
the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence 
of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). Noteholders can adopt 
measures either through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a Written Resolution.  
As set out in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Resolution.  
It is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt measures through a General Meeting or by way of a Written 
Resolution that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders 
and this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their 
investment. 
2.
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry varying 
risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for 
computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
2.1 Change in market value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to 
Noteholders. Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in interest rates in the capital markets 
may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Generally, prices of fixed interest rate bonds tend to fall when market 
interest rates rise and accordingly are subject to volatility. Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may 
be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by 
the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that, in such case, the Noteholder would not receive the 
total amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
2.2 Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders 
(see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are 
not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to investment risk. In addition, the Issuer’s 
ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate 
Notes (and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the 
relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than 
the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) usually a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there might be periodic adjustments (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these 
Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of 
their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
2.3 The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(1), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") 
and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", investors should be aware that such "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Under Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation, 
an index provider may continue to provide an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or 
an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial 
instruments until 31 December 2021. The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is permitted 
for financial instruments, financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment fund that already 
reference that benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmark before 31 December 2023. The Commission is 
empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), the Benchmarks Regulation 
could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of 
the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More broadly, any of the international or national 
reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR, €STR and SONIA): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked 
to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable 
to such Floating Rate Notes (please refer to "2.4 - Risks related to fallbacks to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate" 
below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant 
national authority, as further explained below. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks 
(including EURIBOR and SONIA): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to critical 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmarks Regulation, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 10 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation"), introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks 
on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either 
no contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the 
European Commission or competent national authorities pursuant to Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation. For 
instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation), a 
benchmark is replaced by another benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement 
of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, the 
Amending Regulation is subject to further development through delegated regulations and the transitional provisions 
applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further 
extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the 
potential impact of these legislative developments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for 
reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to a "benchmark". 
2.4 Risks related to fallbacks to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation) provides for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate becomes unavailable, or if the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate 
Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate, with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include amendments to the 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
an Independent Adviser and without consent of the Noteholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, could be positive or 
negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment 
is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not effectively reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no 
Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
may still result in any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing to an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and market value of, the affected Floating 
Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating Rate Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant 
Screen Page may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments 
tied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. This 
could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected performance the 
relevant benchmark.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the ultimate 
fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Accrual Period may result in the 
Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Subject to 
the right for the Issuer to re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the effective conversion into Fixed Rate Notes may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Floating Rate Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually applicable to such Floating Rate Notes. 
In the event of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially 
favourable prevailing market conditions. 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any such Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could 
have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in 
the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
2.5 Risks related to Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA or €STR 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes. Condition 5(c) allows Floating Notes referencing risk free rates to be issued, such as the 
Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") and the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), as reference rates in the capital 
markets for euro or sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
Such risk free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk free rates is impossible 
to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of the relevant risk free rate or of Floating Rate Notes referencing 
such risk free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance data. In addition, 
investors should be aware that risk free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk free rate, using 
the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, market conventions for calculating the 
interest rate for Floating Rate Notes referencing risk free rates continue to develop and market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for 
calculating the rate used in the Floating Rate Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all.  
Furthermore, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate 
issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR or SONIA 
in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer referencing €STR or SONIA. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could 
adversely affect the market value of Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme. 
The nascent development of the use of €STR or SONIA as interest reference rates for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-, or SONIA-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference such risk free 
rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes. 
Each risk free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and the Issuer 
has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. In addition, as €STR is published by 
the European Central Bank and SONIA is published by the Bank of England, the Issuer has no control over their 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR or SONIA may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
There is a risk that the relevant risk free rate will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to, or which reference, such risk free rate (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and Conditions will provide a rate which is 
economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk free rate is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Floating Rate Notes and the trading prices of 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which Noteholders may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes. 
2.6 If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a rate that converts from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing; Therefore, the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the 
rates on other Notes. If the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Investors should also note the risks set out above in relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
2.7 Zero Coupon Notes  
Condition 5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest rates have 
a substantially stronger impact on the price of Zero Coupon Notes than on the price of ordinary Notes because the

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher 
price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes 
are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders 
of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such 
as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any 
such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all 
or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.8 Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds (i.e. Green Bonds)  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue 
"green bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
new or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Projects (such Notes being "Green Bonds") as defined in the 
"Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus and of the relevant Final Terms.  
There is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project. A basis for the determination of such a definition 
has been established in the European Union with the adoption on 18 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment by the Council and the European Parliament 
(the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
"taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic 
activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 
June 2021 supplementing the Taxonomy Regulation by establishing criteria for determining which economic activities 
can be considered environmentally sustainable (i.e. activities that contribute substantially to climate change mitigation 
or adaptation) entered into force on 1 January 2022. However, the Taxonomy Regulation remains subject to further 
developments with regard to specific economic activities, such as the inclusion of nuclear power as “transitional” energy.  
As a result, alignment of the financing of Eligible Green Projects with the Taxonomy Regulation is not certain. 
Furthermore, any project included in the Green Financing Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of 
this Base Prospectus) may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any adverse environmental and/or other impacts may occur during the 
implementation of any project included in the Green Financing Framework. 
The use of the proceeds for any projects included in the Eligible Green Projects may not satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
The Second Party Opinion (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus) provided by Vigeo Eiris 
in respect of the Green Financing Framework or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any 
Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria may not be suitable for 
Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect 
of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained during the life 
of the Green Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and, accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such projects, and such projects 
may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
3.
Early redemption risks 
3.1 The Notes may be redeemed for tax reasons prior to maturity. 
In the event that, pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer is obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied, by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances will be obliged to, redeem all outstanding Notes 
in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). Such early redemption may adversely affect the 
holders of the Notes as investors may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the early 
redemption of their Notes. As a consequence, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.2 Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms relating to a particular issue of 
Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer (including 
the Clean-Up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), the Residual Maturity Call Option as 
provided in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and the Make-Whole Redemption as provided in Condition 
6(b) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) by the Issuer. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders 
that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption 
may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to 
reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than 
the redeemed Notes.  
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time 
during the period starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. During a period when the Issuer may elect, 
or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed.  
Finally, for a particular issue of Notes which includes a Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 80 per cent. of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the 
exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting 
in a loss of capital invested. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the Notes and 
could have significant impact on Noteholders. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the Notes and 
could have significant impact on the Noteholders and part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that 
the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. However, the redeemed face 
amount of the Notes may not be below par. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an 
early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than such redeemed Notes. 
3.3 Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the market 
illiquid. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option 
of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) or at the option

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) is made, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the 
extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of 
their Notes. 
The Issuer has the option to exercise the Make-Whole Redemption pursuant Condition 6(b) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer) in part in respect of certain Notes of a particular Series only. Depending on the number of Notes of the 
same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised, any trading market in respect of these remaining Notes may 
become illiquid and Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
4.
Risks related to the market generally 
4.1 No active secondary/trading market for the Notes
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may 
be no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or 
any other regulated market in the EEA, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in France and/or with 
the competent authority of the regulated market of the EEA where the Notes will be admitted to trading, such filings 
may not be accepted and any such Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted and an active secondary trading market may 
not develop. Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid. As 
a consequence,  
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield. This 
could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, they could lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
4.2 Market value of the Notes
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer is rated A (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) and a number of additional factors, 
including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events 
in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes 
are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing all or part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
4.3 Currency risk (exchange rates and exchange controls)
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the 
Notes issued under the Programme in the specified currency (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the value of the Specified Currency would result in a 
decrease in the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on a Note denominated, or the principal of or return on which is 
payable, in such Specified Currency, in the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable 
at maturity (if any) and generally in the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of such Note. In addition, depending 
on the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference to the value of, one 
or more Specified Currencies (other than solely the Investor's Currency), indices (including exchange rates and swap 
indices between currencies or currency units) or formulas, fluctuations in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
or currency units involved could result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, 
could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information, all of which have been 
previously or simultaneously filed with the AMF and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
sections referred to in the table below included in the 2021 Rapport de gestion, in the French language, which contains 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and 
the related statutory auditors’ report (the "2021 Management Report") (https://assets.rte-france.com/prod/public/2022-
03/RTE_Rapport_gestion_2021_FR_8.pdf); 
(b) 
sections referred to in the table below included in the 2020 Rapport de gestion - Comptes consolidés, in the French 
language, which contains the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 and the related statutory auditors’ report (the "2020 Financial Report") (https://www.rte-
france.com/rapport-gestion-2020); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 July 2021 (the "EMTN 2021 
Conditions"); 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 June 2020 (the "EMTN 
2020 Conditions"); 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 June 2019 (the "EMTN 
2019 Conditions"); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 6 June 2018 (the "EMTN 
2018 Conditions"); 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 May 2017 (the "EMTN 
2017 Conditions"); 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 May 2015 (the "EMTN 
2015 Conditions"); 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 May 2014 (the "EMTN 
2014 Conditions"); and 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 May 2013 (the "EMTN 
2013 Conditions", and together with the the EMTN 2014 Conditions, the EMTN 2015 Conditions, the EMTN 2017 
Conditions, the EMTN 2018 Conditions, the EMTN 2019 Conditions, the EMTN 2020 Conditions and the EMTN 2021 
Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"), 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation, any information contained in any of the documents specified above 
which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers are for information purposes only, do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the avoidance of doubt, "N/A" in the cross-reference table below means that the information is not relevant for the purposes 
of Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation. Items of such Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation which 
are not listed in the cross-reference table below are included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus and copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (a) may be 
obtained free of charge, (i) at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents during normal business hours, (ii) at the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours, and (b) will be available (i) on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-
france.com) and (ii) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
The 2020 Financial Report and the 2021 Management Report are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-
france.com). Free English translation of the 2020 Financial Report and the 2021 Management Report are also available for viewing 
on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-france.com). These documents are free translation of the corresponding French language 
document and are provided for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only 
binding versions are the French language versions. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is set out in the 
following cross-reference table: 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN 2021 Conditions 
Pages 32 to 66 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 
July 2021 
EMTN 2020 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 65 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 
June 2020 
EMTN 2019 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 58 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 
June 2019 
EMTN 2018 Conditions 
Pages 29 to 52 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 6 
June 2018 
EMTN 2017 Conditions 
Pages 28 to 51 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 
May 2017 
EMTN 2015 Conditions 
Pages 27 to 50 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 
May 2015 
EMTN 2014 Conditions 
Pages 26 to 49 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 
May 2014 
EMTN 2013 Conditions 
Pages 25 to 47 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 
May 2013 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous 
Conditions.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
ANNEX VII OF THE COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 OF 14 MARCH 2019 (AS AMENDED) –
REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR WHOLESALE NON-EQUITY SECURITIES
Information incorporated by reference 
Page no. in the relevant document
PAGE NO. OF THE 2021
MANAGEMENT REPORT
PAGE NO. OF THE 2020
FINANCIAL REPORT
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.3. 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except where 
the period is indefinite. 
p.10 
N/A 
4.1.5. 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
p.22-28 
p.107-108 
p.157 
N/A 
4.1.6. 
Credit ratings assigned to the issuer at the request or with the cooperation 
of the issuer in the rating process. 
p.54 
N/A 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities 
5.1.1. 
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or services performed. 
p.10-11 
p.14-16 
p.100 
N/A 
5.1.2. 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
N/A 
N/A 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the 
issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to 
clarify the structure. 
p.11 
N/A 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, this must 
be clearly stated together with an explanation of this dependence. 
p.10-11 
N/A 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe the nature of 
such control and describe the measures in place to ensure that such control 
is not abused. 
p.10-11 
N/A 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer.
p.156 
N/A 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such shorter period as the Issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of each year. 
p.111-164 
p.110-156

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
11.1.2 Change of accounting reference date 
If the issuer has changed its accounting reference date during the period 
for which historical financial information is required, the audited 
historical financial information shall cover at least 24 months, or the entire 
period for which the issuer has been in operation, whichever is shorter. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
p.120 
p.117 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document. 
- Balance sheet: p.114 
- Income Statement: 
p.112 
- Cash flow statements: 
p.115 
- Notes to consolidated 
financial 
statements: 
p.117-158 
- Balance sheet: p.113
- Income Statement: 
p.111 
- 
Cash 
flow 
statements: p.114 
- 
Notes 
to 
consolidated financial 
statements: p.116-156
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information 
may not be older than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document 
p.111-158 
p.110-156 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information 
11.2.1 The historical financial information must be independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
p.159-162 
p.166-169 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial information have been 
refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
p.160 
p.167-168 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the registration document which has 
been audited by the auditors. 
p.163-164 
N/A 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
p.134 
N/A

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.rte-france.com) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) an 
appropriate Supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a Supplement to the Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect 
the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing 
an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably 
request.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part 
A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms 
and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as 
completed by Part A of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as 
so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached 
on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité (the "Issuer"). An amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 5 July 2022 has been agreed between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent and the other 
agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement").A make-whole calculation agency agreement dated 5 July 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, the “Make-Whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and Aether Financial 
Services as make-whole  calculation agent when Condition 6(b) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Make Whole Calculation Agent”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) and the make-whole calculation agent for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the "Calculation Agent(s)" and the "Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent".  
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended from time to time. 
1.
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte-titres). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant final terms 
("Final Terms"), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer 
or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, 
a talon (a "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes", or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title:
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii)
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note 
(as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest 
in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv)
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes 
and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupons ("Couponholder"), or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d)
Redenomination
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 calendar days' notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in 
whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the 
single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the "EC"), as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s), set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, 
as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to 
in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date".

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of 
the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum denomination of each redenominated Note shall 
not be less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date). 
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national 
currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv)
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or 
additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice 
in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to 
the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2.
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and 
vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at 
the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b)
Materialised Notes
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3.
Status of the Notes
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) 
equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4.
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, revenues or assets, present or future, in 
order to secure any Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Indebtedness, without at the same time 
according to the Notes the same security. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, "Indebtedness'' means any monies borrowed and any indebtedness of the Issuer 
which, in each case, is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate 
or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities 
market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
5.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") (together the "FBF Master Agreement") and in the ISDA 
Definitions, have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., (copies of which 
may be obtained at www.isda.org). 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i)
in the case of Euro, a day on which TARGET2 (as defined below) is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(ii)
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
that currency; and/or 
(iii)
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Accrual Period or Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(iv)
if "Actual/365 — FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. 
If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the sum of (i) 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year 
and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar 
days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366;

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
(v)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(vi)
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(vii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(viii)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(ix)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(x)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(xi)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) (including the FBF Benchmark Events Technical Schedule published in 2020) as published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as supplemented or amended as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Margin" is as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five major banks in 
the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007, or any successor 
thereto. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(h). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant 
Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(h). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
the "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(B)
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day; 
(C)
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(D)
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen 
Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation
Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR 01, as more fully 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(d)
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
(e)
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Commencement Date; 
(f)
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g)
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which purpose 
references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the ISDA Definitions) 
shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date, any last day of an Interest 
Accrual Period and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as 
defined in these Conditions); and 
(h)
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
- the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual 
Period, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
- Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms; 
- Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as 
the “Lookback” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, 
or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five 
(5); 
- Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, “Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and the “Observation Period Shift” is 
either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if 
no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the 
“Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Floating Rate", “Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, 
“Period End Date”, “Set in Advance” and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall, where the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to “Relevant 
Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) EURIBOR 
(a)
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) below, be either (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms): 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject 
as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, or 
(ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c)
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(2) SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Accrual Period will be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(B) below subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(2)(D).  
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Look-Back Period; 
"do" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of ,London 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Look-Back Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Look-Back Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the 
first London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the relevant InterestPeriod 
or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the relevant Observation Look-Back Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Business Day" or "LBD" means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where "Lag" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the number of calendar days from (and including) such London 
Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the 
date which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Business Day i; or  
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business 
Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day I; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of 
the London Business Day falling p London Business Days prior to 
such London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in 
respect of such London Business Day i.
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Business Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by the 
number of calendar days during such Observation Lookback Period. 
For these purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA 
Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day; or
(y) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 
the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
provided that, for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day "i-pLBD", the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
such SONIA Rate shall be:

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
the close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads), to the Bank Rate; 
or  
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent, shall, to the extent that it 
is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate 
for the purposes of the Notes for so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be 
(i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
applicable, which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the 
first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the application of the 
relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Accrual Period). 
(3) €STR Rate Notes 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such 
TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the 
rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the 
rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(3): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank 
of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time 
to time; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) 
as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
a)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and 
the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day 
immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STRfor the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
"ni" for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days specified in the Final Terms; and

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor source 
officially designated by the European Central Bank.
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms), the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
or the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), "Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation 
to FBF Determination, the period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation 
to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity, and (c) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(E) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes 
provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply 
and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance 
of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not apply to SONIA and €STR.  
(d)
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(c) below) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(E)(d) below). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). 
(e)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)). 
(f)
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable).  
The determination of any Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser shall not affect 
the application, with respect to a particular Interest Period, of the Margin specified as 
applicable to such Interest Period in the Final Terms.  
(g)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent 
Adviser determines (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the 
relevant terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
The Benchmark Amendments referred to above, determined by the Independent Adviser 
as appropriate to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, (i) shall only relate to the terms, notions and definitions used in 
this Condition 5, to the exclusion of any commercial terms relating to the Issuer and 
reflected in other Conditions, and (ii) shall only be made, in accordance with customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(h)
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(i)
Fallbacks

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate will 
continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such determination, provided 
that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one 
or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions including the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), will continue to 
apply). 
(j)
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate); 
b) the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that 
no such spread is customarily applied); 
c) the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark or 
screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions  
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
b) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
e) it has become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable); or 
f) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
g) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate 
will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of 
an underlying market. 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (g) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a).  
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a 
Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer.  
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(e)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms. 
(f)
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph, provided that the Minimum 
Rate of Interest, being the relevant rate of interest plus any relevant margin, shall be deemed equal 
to 0. 
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save 
in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency. 
(h)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day 
Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period in the Final Terms, in which 
case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent or any Make-Whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. The 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as an agent of the Issuer or the 
Noteholders. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent (acting in such capacity) shall not have any relationship of 
agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by law, shall incur no liability against the Noteholders, the 
Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
(j)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
(k)
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times a 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding (as defined below). The Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 15. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to 
the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
relevant account with, or, by check drawn on, a Bank as provided in Condition 7(b) and remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, 
(c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have 
been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Bearer Materialised Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Materialised Notes alleged 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Bearer Materialised Notes have been 
issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or 
more Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
6.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which is its nominal amount). 
(b)
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or 
from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the "Optional Redemption Date") at their Optional 
Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes up 
to and including the Maturity Date (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis using the 
Day Count Fraction (as per Condition 5 and as further specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption before the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption will 
be calculated substituting the Residual Maturity Call Option Date to the Maturity Date. Should the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date be different from an Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest corresponding 
to the period from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to the Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
shall be considered as paid on the Residual Maturity Call Option Date and calculated as per Condition 5(h). 
For the purposes of this Condition, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business Day preceding the

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
Optional Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation") 
or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Optional Redemption Date, 
quoted in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as an 
agent of the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent (acting in such capacity) shall not 
have any relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by law, shall incur no liability against 
the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provision of Condition 6(c) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
this Condition 6(b). 
(c)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period if specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem 
all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised 
Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed, which shall 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws 
and stock exchange requirements or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in 
such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
16 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause 
to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated 
Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn 
for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d)
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period if specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption, at any time as from the "Residual Maturity Call Option Date" specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a 
maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a 
maturity of more than ten years, until the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of any doubt, the maturity of not 
more than ten years or the maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar 
days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during usual 
business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable during 
usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have attached to it such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall 
transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paris Paying 
Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f)
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if at least 80 per 
cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice 
to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with any 
interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(g)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(k) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9, or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant 
to Condition 6(c) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9, or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(c) 
or 6(e) in respect of such Notes is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note 
as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(k), or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
Arrears of Interest). 
(h)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
(i)
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii)
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be prevented 
by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full 
amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained 
in Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on 
(A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after 
such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be 
the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice 
to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the 
Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(i)
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or 
regulations. 
All Notes purchased by the Issuer may be cancelled or held and resold in accordance with Articles L.213-0-1 
and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes. 
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith 
be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering to the Fiscal 
Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k)
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, it will 
become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in 
the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b)
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, 
subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the 
relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), 
as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated 
in such currency with, a Bank. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in 
which banks have access to TARGET2. 
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall act as an 
independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
(acting in such capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by 
law, shall incur no liability against the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain: 
(i)
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii)
one or more Calculation Agent(s) or Make-Whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so 
require; 
(iii)
a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require; 
(iv)
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long 
as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, in either case, so long as the rules of, or 
applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require); 
(v)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent; and 
(vi)
such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be 
admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating such 
Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall ensure that the 
same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such 
Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption, Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, they 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 10).

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv)
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender 
if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised 
Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon 
for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10), 
provided that, in respect of Notes listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always 
take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as a case may be, in Paris. 
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for 
business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" 
in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8.
Taxation
(a)
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
(b)
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other revenues in 
respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, 
duties whatsoever or any other governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, 
as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other 
than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
(ii)
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day; or 
(iii)
Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder 
or, if applicable or a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes in respect of such 
Notes or Coupon solely by reason of (x) his being a shareholder of the Issuer and (y) the payment of 
interest being made to him at a rate in excess of the limit set forth in the French Code général des 
impôts (Article 39, 1, 3°) for the deduction of interest paid to shareholders of a borrowing company; 
or 
(iv)
Non-cooperative State or territory: when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by 
reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to an account held in, or (y) paid or accrued to a 
person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (other than those 
mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the same code) for the purposes of Articles 125 A III, and 
119 bis, 2 of the same code, and as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts
(including those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the same code) for the purposes of Article 
238 A of the same code. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised 
Notes (if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, 
upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" 
and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9.
Events of Default
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder 
to become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the 
date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i)
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes of the relevant 
Series or any of them within 15 calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii)
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes of the relevant Series and (except in any case where such default is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice, as is hereinafter mentioned, will be required) such default remains unremedied for 
30 calendar days after written notice requiring such default to be remedied has been received by the Issuer at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent by the Holder of any such Note; or 
(iii)
(a) any Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer (being Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate 
principal amount in excess of €50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency) is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any original applicable grace period, (b) any Indebtedness (being Indebtedness 
having an outstanding aggregate principal amount in excess of €50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder which is not 
remedied within the relevant grace period or (c) the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
under any guarantee of Indebtedness (being Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate principal amount 
in excess of €50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency) unless, in each case, the Issuer is contesting 
in good faith its obligations to make payment or repayment of such amount; or 
(iv)
a judgment is issued for judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole of the Issuer's 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession), or the Issuer is subject to proceedings 
to the same effect, or in the absence of legal proceedings the Issuer makes a conveyance, assignment or other 
arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9, "Indebtedness" means (i) any monies borrowed and any indebtedness of the Issuer 
which, in each case, is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate 
or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities 
market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) and (ii) any indebtedness of the Issuer which is in 
the form of or represented by any bank loan. 
10.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include 
Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years 
(in case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, the second sentence of L.228-65 II, and 
R. 228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11. 
(a)
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b)
Representative
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of 
any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c)
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all 
acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity 
to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
(d)
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by consent following 
a written consultation (the "Written Resolution") (as further described in Condition 11(d)(ii) below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 (Paris 
time), on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
For the purpose of this Condition 11 (d), references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" are only to the Notes of one 
or several Series of Notes in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes 
of one several Series of Notes in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the 
holders of those Notes respectively. 
(i)
General Meeting
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be 
called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions 
and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including authorising 
the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, provided, however, that the General 
Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of Noteholders, nor establish any unequal 
treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting 
or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence or videoconference or any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case 
of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of 
the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note. 
(ii)
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu 
of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of 
a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of 
the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a 
Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time 
limits to be complied with by the Noteholders that wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time 
limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i) above. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection 
before the time limits specified in the notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after such time limits. Any Written Resolution shall, for 
all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting. 
For the purpose hereof, a "Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or approved by 
the Noteholders representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution 
approved by Electronic Consent. 
(e)
Information to Noteholders
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-days' period preceding 
the holding of each General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which 
will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will 
be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer during 
usual business hours, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting. 
(f)
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of General Meetings and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by the General Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(g)
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such 
Series. 
(h)
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a 
register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 "outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and not cancelled.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
12.
Modifications
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to such Series. 
13.
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon 
or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14.
Further Issues and Consolidation
(a)
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b)
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or 
after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes 
of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one 
of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro 
(if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15.
Notices
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they 
are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the 
Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (z) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité 
des marchés financiers and (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and, to the extent applicable, laws or regulations or the rules of such Regulated Market so require (x) 
in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and/or (y) on the website of any other competent authority 
or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be valid if 
published (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers and (ii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and, to the 
extent applicable, laws or regulations or the rules of such Regulated Market so require (a) in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
admitted to trading is located and/or (b) on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market 
of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the 
first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) above; except that 
notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to Condition 11 and 
pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier shall also be published 
(a) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA 
Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading, and (b) on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-
france.com). 
16.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and 
the Talons) may be brought before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the 
"Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other 
clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description of the Programme — Selling 
Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available 
at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global Certificate to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this 
Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to 
them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. 
Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after 
its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), 
the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days 
after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes or an amount equivalent to such net proceeds will be applied by the Issuer (i) for general 
corporate purposes or (ii) in the case of Green Bonds, to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects, as defined below and more 
fully described in the framework on the issues of Green Bonds by the Issuer ) (as amended and completed at any time) (the "Green 
Financing Framework") which is available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.rte-france.com/finances/chiffres-cles-et-
publications-financieres#ProgrammeEMTN).  
If, for a given issue of Notes, there is a particular use of the proceeds (other than those indicated above), it will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The Green Financing Framework establishes categories of eligible projects that have been identified by the Issuer as creating 
substantial environmental benefits by reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHG), promoting grid flexibility and the development 
of renewable sources electricity generation distribution (the "Eligible Green Projects"). 
The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with 
guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles 2021 published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) (or any 
more recent version that may be indicated in the relevant Final Terms).  
In addition to the description of the Eligible Green Projects, the Green Financing Framework describes (i) the management of 
proceeds, (ii) the reporting in the form of a green financing report which will include an allocation report and an environmental 
impact report, and (iii) the external reviews applicable to the Green Bonds, i.e. the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) and 
the post issuance external verification by an external auditor to verify that the proceeds of the Notes issued as Green Bonds are 
allocated to Eligible Green Projects and that the Eligible Green Projects benefiting from such allocation comply with the criteria 
set out in the Green Financing Framework. 
The Issuer appointed Vigeo Eiris to issue a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") which assesses the environmental 
added value of the Green Financing Framework and the compliance of the Green Financing Framework with the Green Bond 
Principles 2021 published by ICMA. This Second Party Opinion, and any other opinion or certification rendered in the context of 
an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds in accordance with the Green Financing Framework, will be available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.rte-france.com/finances/chiffres-cles-et-publications-financieres#ProgrammeEMTN).  
The Green Financing Framework may be amended and supplemented from to time to time. Any such change or supplement will 
be made available on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is "RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité". RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité is 
also commercially known as "Réseau de Transport d'Electricité" and "RTE". 
The Issuer was registered under the name "RTE EDF Transport" at the Trade and Companies Registry of Nanterre (Registre du 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Nanterre) under reference number 444 619 258 RCS Nanterre. By a resolution of the general 
shareholders' extraordinary meeting held on 24 January 2012, the Issuer was renamed "RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité". 
RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité is a limited liability company (société anonyme) with an Executive Board (directoire) and a 
Supervisory Board (conseil de surveillance) governed by the laws and regulations applicable to commercial companies in France, 
in particular, the French Code de commerce, unless these are not applicable because of more specific laws, such as the French 
Energy Code (Code de l'énergie), French law no. 83-675 dated 26 July 1983 and the French order no. 2014-948 dated 20 August 
2014 relating to the governance and capital transactions of companies with State interests (relative à la gouvernance et aux 
opérations sur le capital des sociétés à participation publique) and by the Issuer's by-laws (statuts) approved by Decree no. 2005-
1069 dated 30 August 2005 (as amended from time to time and for the last time in the RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité 
shareholders' meeting on 27 September 2018). The registered office of RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité is Immeuble 
WINDOW, 7C place du Dôme, 92073 Paris La Défense Cedex. RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité's telephone number is +33 
(0)1 41 02 23 45 and its website is www.rte-france.com.  
For a general description of RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité and the RTE Group, their activities and their financial condition, 
please refer to the sections and pages of the "2021 Management Report identified in the cross-reference list of the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus and the section "Recent Developments" of this Base Prospectus. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF THE ISSUER  
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité is managed by an Executive Board and is controlled by a Supervisory Board. 
Executive Board (Directoire) 
The Executive Board of RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité is composed of the following members: 
Position 
 
Other Functions  
Xavier Piechaczyk 
 
Chairman of the 
Executive Board 
 
- 
Thérèse Boussard 
Member of the 
Executive Board 
 
Executive Committee Member of 
Celtic Interconnector DAC 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
SFERIS 
President of the Institut de la Maîtrise 
d’Ouvrage (IMOA) 
Permanent representative of RTE to 
the Economic and Strategic 
Orientation Committee of AIRTELIS 
Clotilde Levillain 
Member of the 
Executive Board 
 
Permanent Representative of RTE to 
the Economic and Strategic 
Orientation Committee of ARTERIA  
Laurent Martel 
Member of the 
Executive Board 
 
Permanent representative of RTE to 
the Economic and Strategic 
Orientation Committee of CIRTEUS 
President of RTE IMMO

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
Sophie 
Moreau-
Follenfant 
Member of the 
Executive Board 
 
-  
For the purpose hereof, the business address of each of the members of the Executive Board is the head office of the Issuer. 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance) 
Under the French Energy Code, one third of RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité’s Supervisory Board must be employee 
representatives, up to one third are representatives of the French government, and the remainder are appointed by the shareholders. 
The number of Board members is set at twelve in Article 13 of the Issuer’s by-laws.  
The following table shows the current members of the Supervisory Board and their roles and other functions held during the year 
2020: 
Position at RTE 
Role1
Other functions 
Xavier Girre 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder “CTE” (EDF) 
Group Executive Director 
of EDF in charge of the 
Group Financial Division 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and President of the Audit 
Committee of DALKIA 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of EDF EN 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
of ENEDIS 
President 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of EDF Trading UK  
Member of the Board of Directors 
and President of the Audit 
Committee of EDF ENERGY 
HOLDINGS Ltd 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of EDISON 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and President of the Audit 
Committee of FDJ 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and President of the Audit 
Committee of CNIM 
Florence Tordjman
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative appointed on the 
proposal 
of 
the 
French 
government  
President of the energy, 
construction 
and 
innovation section at the 
General Council for the 
Environment 
and 
Sustainable development 
President 
of 
the 
Markets 
Commission of the international 
airport of Basel-Mulhouse  
The State, as legal 
entity, represented 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Deputy 
Director 
of 
Participations Energie at 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
of ENEDIS  
1
In accordance with the French Commercial Code, these roles are functions exercised during 2021 by RTE Réseau de transport 
d'électricité’s management and governance personnel while they held a term of office with RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
by 
Sébastien 
Justum
Representative of the French 
government (representing the 
French State as legal entity) 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee  
Member of the CSEA 
the
Agence 
des 
participations de l’Etat
Member of the Supervisory Board 
of FRAMATOME 
Christophe Carval 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder “CTE” (EDF) 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Group Executive Director 
in 
charge 
of 
Human 
Resources within the EDF 
Group 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of ENEDIS 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of EDF ENERGY 
HOLDINGS Ltd 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Fondation d'Entreprise Groupe 
EDF
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Coentreprise de Transport 
d'Electricité (CTE)
Member of the Supervisory Board 
of FRAMATOME  
Member of the Audit Committee 
of FRAMATOME 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Fondation C Génial
Virginie Chapron-
du Jeu 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder “CTE” (CDC) 
Member of the CSEA 
Finance Director, Caisse 
des Dépôts Group 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee of Caisse des Dépôts 
et Consignations
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors, 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration Committee and the 
Appointments 
and 
ESG 
Committee of SFIL 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors,, Member of the Risks 
Committee, Member of the Audit 
Committee of Bpifrance SA 
President and Member of The 
Strategic Committee of Novethic 
Permanent representative of CDC 
on the Board of Directors of 
CDCII 
Permanent representative of CDC 
on the Board of Directors of 
CDCIII

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
Member of the Board of Directors 
, Member of the Audit Committee 
and Member of the Quality and 
Sustainable 
development 
Committee of La Poste
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Coentreprise de Transport 
d'Electricité (CTE) 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of I4CE (Institute for Climate 
Economics) 
President of Alter Egales
Catherine 
Mayenobe 
Vice-Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder “CTE” (CDC) 
General Secretary , Groupe
Caisse 
des 
Dépôts 
et 
Consignations 
Member 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committees of the Etablissement 
public and the  Groupe Caisse des 
Dépôts et Consignations
Member of the Board of Directors 
of La Poste
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Société Immobilière du Théâtre 
des Champs Elysées
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Etablissement public 
Cité de la Céramique de Sèvres et 
Limoges
Louise Vilain 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder “CTE” (EDF) 
President of the CSEA 
Director, Pulse Ventures, 
Incubation 
et 
grands 
projets 
innovants
department of the EDF 
Group 
Chairwoman of the Board of 
Directors of ZNR Batteries 
Member of the Board of Directors 
of PERFESCO 
Daniel Thébert 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Representative 
of 
the 
shareholder 
“CTE” 
(CNP 
Assurances) 
Chairman of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Real Estate Investments, 
Infrastructure and Forests 
Department Director, CNP 
Assurances 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Assurances on the Board of 
Directors of OREA 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Immobilier on the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Holding 
d’infrastructures gazières 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Immobilier on the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Société 
d’infrastructures gazières 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Assurances at the chairmanship of 
INFRA Invest France

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Assurances to the management of 
INFRA Invest Holding 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors of Immodiversification 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Assurances to the management of 
CNP Immobilier
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Coentreprise de Transport 
d'Electricité (CTE) 
Permanent representative of CNP 
Assurances to the Board of 
Directors 
of 
Holding 
d’Infrastructures Numériques
Christophe Aime
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Employee representative 
Sponsored by the CGT union 
Member of the CSEA 
Responsible for advice and 
product control 
Philippe Clavel 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Employee representative 
Sponsored by the CFDT union 
Member of the CSEA 
Attached to the European 
Affairs 
Management 
at 
RTE 
Titular Member at the Conseil 
supérieur de l’Energie
Paul Alfontes 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Employee representative 
Sponsored by the CFE-CGC 
union 
Member of the Remuneration 
Committee 
Technical business pilot at 
the Centre Maintenance de 
Lyon in charge of the 
insertion of maintenance 
into the HVDC Savoie-
Piémont project at RTE 
President of the Supervisory 
Board 
of 
FCPE 
Egépargne 
Actions Monde ISR
Alternate 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of FCPE Cap 
Horizons
Christian Viola 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
Employee representative 
Sponsored by the CGT union 
Technical 
coordinator 
Automation and industrial 
systems at RTE 
For the purpose hereof, the business address of each of the members of the Supervisory Board is the head office of the Issuer. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owned by the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité toward the Issuer and their private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Approval of distribution of dividend
The general meeting of RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité’s shareholders held on 1 June 2022 proposed to distribute a dividend 
of €396,654,426 for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Such decision was approved by the Supervisory Board (Conseil 
de Surveillance) of RTE Réseau de transport d'Electricité on 1 June 2022. 
On 1 June 2022, the Executive Board (Directoire) decided to make a payment on 8 June 2022 of a dividend of €396,654,426 June 
2022 for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 to CTE (as sole shareholder of RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité). 
Confirmation of rating by S&P  
On 10 May 2022, S&P confirmed RTE Réseau de Transport d'électricité's "A" long term rating and its stable outlook. 
Signing of the new public service contract between the French State and RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité 
Barbara Pompili, Minister for Ecological Transition, and Xavier Piechaczyk, Chairman of the Management Board of RTE (RTE 
Réseau de Transport d'Electricité) signed the new public service contract between the French State and RTE Réseau de transport 
d’électricité on 29 March 2022.  
This new public service contract is part of a context of profound transformation of the energy system, in which RTE faces the need 
to accelerate the renewal of the transmission network and adapt it to changes in the energy mix, with a view to achieving the carbon 
neutrality objective that France has set for itself.  
This public service contract sets important strategic objectives, such as the fastest possible connection of connection of offshore 
wind farms and industrial sites, the development of consumption flexibilities, the limitation of the impact consumption, limiting 
the environmental impact of RTE's activities and ensuring the security of electricity supply in the short and long supply in the 
short and long term. 
The 40 strategic objectives defined in the contract are divided into three main areas, corresponding to the main challenges that 
RTE must meet. 
On the one hand, to make the energy transition possible by transforming the electricity transmission network by promoting 
social acceptability and regional development, for example by: 
- The establishment of a long-term planning of future offshore renewable energy projects, 
- The creation of a support fund, FAREMER, financed by RTE, which will support the implementation of each project for the 
creation of offshore network infrastructures, 
- Support for the decarbonisation of industrial processes, 
- Continuing to limit the network's carbon and environmental footprint. 
On the other hand, operate the network and guarantee its resiliency, by adapting to changes in the electricity system, with, in 
particular: 
- Expanding the range of consumption flexibilities in the event of system imbalance, 
- Updating crisis management tools, 
- Participation in the development of electrical interconnections with our European neighbours. 
Finally, the public service contract also reminds RTE's central role in modelling the electricity mix and the supply-demand balance 
in the medium and long term, to inform the energy policy choices of public authorities, through two objectives: 
- To act as an expert and decision-making aid for the State, 
- To provide territories and citizens with information and tools to help them understand their energy context.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 July 2022 (as amended 
or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers 
and the Arrangers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, as determined by the relevant Dealer, at the time of such resale. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer 
has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for their expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain 
of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in 
the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar 
days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside the United 
States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any 
non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and 
any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within 
the United States, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the European

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
Economic Area ("EEA") (each, a "Member State") except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State at any time in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of these provisions:  
- 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of  Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or  
(b)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
- 
the expression "offer" in relation to any Notes in any Member State means a communication to persons in any form and 
by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered, so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
- 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”), 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
- 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
- 
 the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
- 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or whose it is reasonable to expect they will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Note would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an 
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA received by 
it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within 
the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in 
a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out in a Supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither any of the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular 
terms of the relevant Notes and their issue and subject to deletion of non-applicable provisions: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit 
our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
2
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 10(v) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to EEA or UK retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 10(v) of Part B below.  
3
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4
Final Terms dated [●] 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500JRJW0K2ET1UP76 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
5 July 2022 which has received approval no. 22-269 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") on 5 July 2022 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which has received approval no. [] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org), on the website of the Issuer (www.rte-france.com) and for inspection at the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") which are the 
[EMTN 2021 Conditions / EMTN 2020 Conditions / EMTN 2019 Conditions / EMTN 2018 Conditions / EMTN 2017 Conditions 
/ EMTN 2015 Conditions / EMTN 2014 Conditions / EMTN 2013 Conditions]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 1129/2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date], which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●] [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information, save 
in respect of the [EMTN 2021 Conditions / EMTN 2020 Conditions / EMTN 2019 Conditions / EMTN 2018 Conditions / EMTN 
2017 Conditions / EMTN 2015 Conditions / EMTN 2014 Conditions / EMTN 2013 Conditions]. The Base Prospectuses [and the 
supplements to the Base Prospectuses] are for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the 
website of the Issuer (www.rte-france.com) and for inspection at the specified offices of the Paying Agents. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, 
even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
4
Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
1 
Issuer: 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:  
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Notes") [as from the date of assimilation which is expected to be 
on or about 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
(the "Assimilation Date") of this Tranche]/[as from the Issue 
Date of this Tranche].] 
(This item applies to fungible issues only) 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)] Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount (plus) accrued 
interest from [insert date] [if applicable] 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes] 
7 
(i)      Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
9 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/– [●]] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 11, 14 and 15 
below) 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not Applicable]  
[Specify details for convertibility of the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(e) or 
cross refer to paragraph 15 and/or 16 below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Investor Put] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
(ii) 
Date[s] of corporate authorisation[s] 
for the issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
 [Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 
5(a)): 
[●] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
15 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and including) 
[●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Specified Interest 
Payment Dates)
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
— 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
— 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
— 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market:  
[●]

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
— 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
— 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
— 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] (only applicable 
in the case of SONIA)  
— 
Observation Method: 
[only applicable in the case of SONIA: [Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]] 
— 
Observation Look-Back Period:  
[(only applicable in the case of €STR, SONIA)  
[[●] TARGET 2 Business Days/London Banking  
Days] [Not Applicable]] 
— 
[SONIA/€STR] Look-Back 
Period: 
[specify][London Business Days]/[Target Business Days] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA or €STR)  
(ix) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
— 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
— 
ISDA Definitions: 
— 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period (as per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination)] 
— 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
— 
Calculation Period: 
[●] 
— 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
— 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
— 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [●] 
— 
Termination Date: 
[●] 
— 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no number 
is specified, the applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days) / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
— 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
— 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback : [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
— 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5))
— 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
— 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business 
Days: 
[●] 
— 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable to 
the Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5))
— 
2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
interpolation: 
[Applicable : [●] (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] 
(xi)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum5
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / 30/360 / Actual/Actual - ICMA / 
Actual/Actual – ISDA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[●] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
5
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
18 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(iv)  
Reference Screen Rate:  
[●] 
[(v) 
Similar Security: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]]
(vi) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest due 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[Not Applicable/ [●]]
(vii) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
19 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
20 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount each 
Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
21 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date: 
As from [●] 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
23 
Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
for or an event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(ii) 
Early Redemption for taxation 
reasons on days other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as 
appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether)] 
[Bearer dematerialised form (au porteur)/ [fully/administered] 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominative 
[pur/administré])] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give names and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Dematerialised Notes only)

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption (or 
successor exemption as contemplated 
by Notice 2012-20):  
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)  
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give details]] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
27 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
28 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] apply] 
29 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representation will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the wording 
below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such 
Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. A Representative will be appointed as soon as the 
Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING 
(i)
Listing: 
[Paris Stock Exchange (Euronext Paris)/other (specify)/None] 
(ii)
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market]] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii)
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]] 
2 RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT  
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] is established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with 
CRA Regulation.]/ 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority. In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 
which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.]/ 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is endorsed by 
[insert credit rating agency] which is established in the European 
Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]/

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended.] [In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")), the rating assigned to the Notes by [Insert credit rating 
agency] will be endorsed by [Insert credit rating agency], being a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/creditratingagencies/registered-
certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
Euro equivalent: 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]] (Only applicable for Notes not denominated 
in Euro) 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been converted into Euro at the 
rate of [●], producing a sum of: 
[●] 
3 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:) ["Save 
as disclosed in ["Subscription and Sale"] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer."]/[●]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
[The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer 
for [its general corporate purposes/specify any other reasons.]]/[The 
Notes constitute [Green Bonds]/[●] and the net proceeds will be used 
to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more of the 
projects included in the Eligible Green Projects pursuant to the Green 
Financing Framework which is available on the website of the Issuer 
([●]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible Green Projects 
and/or availability of Second Party Opinion and any relevant third 
party opinions and/or where the information can be obtained] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:    
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding)

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
6 [FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY -YIELD  
Indication of yield:  
[●]] 
7 [FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - PERFORMANCE OF RATE
Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR, SONIA, 
€STR/(other)] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charges, from [Reuters/give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance]. 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR, SONIA, 
€STR/(other)] which is provided by [the European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]]. As at [●], [the European Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration/[●]/[the 
Banque 
de 
France]] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended 
or 
superseded 
(the "Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the 
Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation")]. [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [[●] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the 
[Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[UK 
Benchmarks 
Regulation] apply], such that [•] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
[European 
Union]/[United 
Kingdom], recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
8 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(iv)
ISIN: 
[●] 
(v)
Common Code: 
[●] 
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
(ix)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(x)
Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
[Not Applicable/give names(s), address(es) and description]

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
rates and description of the main terms 
of their commitment. 
9 DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers)
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2/1] applies to the Notes; [TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable] (See paragraph 12 of General 
Information in the Base Prospectus) 
(v)  
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
/ Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors]: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified. For the purpose of the above, a “packaged” 
product shall designate a “packaged retail investment product” 
which means in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 (as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, in respect of UK retail 
investors) an investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference values or to the 
performance of one or more assets which are not directly purchased 
by the retail investor).

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1)
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
(2)
This Base Prospectus is valid until 5 July 2023 provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Application may 
be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris to the competent authority and/or on any other regulated market 
in a Member State of the EEA. 
(3)
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection 
with the Programme. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a decision of the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer 
dated 3 July 2006. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme requires the prior authorisation of the Executive Board (Directoire) of 
the Issuer, with the prior authorisation of the Supervisory Board (Conseil de Surveillance), which may delegate its powers 
to its Président or to any person of its choice. 
Pursuant to a decision of the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer dated 21 December 2021, issues of obligations
have been authorised, as approved by a decision of the Supervisory Board (Conseil de Surveillance) of the Issuer dated 
14 December 2021, up to a maximum amount of Euro 1,500,000,000 of obligations from 1 January 2022 to 
31 December 2022 (unless previously cancelled) (subject to an overall maximum aggregate amount of Euro 
1,500,000,000 for all financings made available to the Issuer from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022) and the 
Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer has delegated to its Chairman, with the right to sub-delegate such power to 
the Directeur Général du Pôle Finances, Achats et Risques, the authority to issue obligations within the limits fixed by 
the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer and determine the terms and conditions of the obligations. 
(4)
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the RTE Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a 
period covering the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the RTE Group. 
(5)
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
(6)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2021. 
(7)
There are no material contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which could result in any 
member of the Issuer's Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(8)
The statutory auditors of the Issuer and the RTE Group are Mazars, Tour Exaltis, 61 rue Henri Regnault, 92400 
Courbevoie, France and KPMG Audit, department of KPMG S.A., Tour EQHO, 2 avenue Gambetta, CS 60055, 92066 
Paris La Défense Cedex, France (both entities are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and are 
duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes). The statutory auditors both belong to the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes. Mazars and KPMG Audit, department of KPMG S.A. have audited the audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
(9)
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated A (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).  
(10)
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in charge of 
keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(11)
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 
avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(12)
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). Dematerialised 
Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be also inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration 
agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(13)
For so long as any Notes may be issued under the Programme or are outstanding, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Issuer: 
(i)
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii)
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(iii)
a copy of the Base Prospectus together with any supplement to the Base Prospectus and any documents 
incorporated by reference therein; 
(iv)
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market; 
and 
(v)
any reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements prepared 
by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
(14)
 The following documents will be available, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(i)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, and any other Regulated 
Market; and 
(ii)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by 
reference therein. 
(15)
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated 
will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not 
be an indication of future yield. 
(16)
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
(17)
 Where information has been sourced from third parties this information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of such third party information is 
identified where used. 
(18)
The Issuer's website is www.rte-france.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(19)
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of the Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 
36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as the case may be. 
(20)
This Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference may include forward-looking statements. All 
statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the Issuer's or the Group's financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future 
operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer or of the 
Group, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer's or the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer and 
the Group will operate in the future. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any 
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's or the Group's 
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
(21)
The legal entity identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 969500JRJW0K2ET1UP76.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains 
no omission likely to affect its import.  
Paris, 5 July 2022 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité 
Represented by Laurent Martel 
Membre du Directoire 
Directeur Général du Pôle Finances Achats
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and 
comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 5 July 2022 and is valid until 5 July 2023 and shall, during this period and in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. 
This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 22-269.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
RTE Réseau de transport d'électricité
Immeuble WINDOW 
7C place du Dôme 92073  
Paris La Défense 
France 
Arrangers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris 
Cedex 9 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75016 Paris 
France 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
SMBC Bank EU AG
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58  
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paris Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services 
36, rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG Audit, département de KPMG SA  
Tour EQHO 
2 avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 - 92066  
Paris La Défense Cedex 
France
Mazars
Tour Exaltis, 61 Henri Regnault  
61 Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie  
France
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP
17, avenue Matignon 
CS 30027 
75378 Paris Cedex 8 
France
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France