--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT US PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S ("REGULATION S") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT")), 
LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus following this page whether received 
by email, accessed from an internet page or otherwise received as a result of electronic communication, and you are therefore advised to read this page 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base 
Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions and each of the restrictions set out in the Base Prospectus, including any 
modifications to them from time to time each time you receive any information from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers (each as 
defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE OR A SOLICITATION OF AN 
OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE 
NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, US PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE 
REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY US PERSON OR US 
ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE 
NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached Base Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to 
the securities that may be offered, prospective investors must be non-US persons (as defined in Regulation S) located outside the United States. The 
Base Prospectus is being sent to you at your request, and by accessing the Base Prospectus you shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers that (1) (a) you are not a US Person and (b) you will purchase any securities that may be offered in an offshore 
transaction (within the meaning of Regulation S) and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this email has been delivered is not 
located in the United States, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia and (2) you consent to delivery 
of such Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located 
and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other person. The materials relating to this offering do not constitute, 
and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
The attached Base Prospectus is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; or (ii) to investment 
professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"); and (iii) 
to high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such 
persons in (i), (ii) and (iii) above together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The Base Prospectus is only available to and is only directed at 
relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered 
or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers nor any 
person who controls them nor any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility 
whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such 
restrictions.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
RYANAIR DAC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Ireland) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
RYANAIR HOLDINGS PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Ireland) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Ryanair DAC (the "Issuer" or the "Company") may from time to 
time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Notes will be governed 
by English law or Irish law as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ryanair Holdings plc (the "Guarantor"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement (as defined and described herein)), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. This 
Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list (the "Official 
List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). Euronext Dublin is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be 
issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
with the Issuer. 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by both S&P Global Rating's Europe Limited ("S&P") and by Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch"). S&P is established in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"), which can be found at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The list of rating agencies registered under the UK CRA Regulation can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. Fitch has 
not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating(s) assigned to the Programme by S&P and Fitch. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
 
 
 
Global Co-ordinator 
 
Citigroup 
 
 
 
Arrangers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Bank of China 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goodbody 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Davy 
MUFG 
SMBC 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
 
27 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (together, the "Responsible Persons") accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as defined below) and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus (as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms) is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") or any other terms and conditions incorporated by reference 
herein, as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in 
a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final 
Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" 
below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed 
herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus 
does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in 
any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that any information from third party sources has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third-party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer and Guarantor have not independently verified any such third-party 
information and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor accept responsibility for the accuracy of such third 
party information.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) the Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus nor have they independently verified the information contained herein and none of them makes 
any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in or incorporated into this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof 
have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and are subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of,  US persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation 
to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.) 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are to a Member State 
of the European Economic Area, references to "Prospectus Regulation" are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
references to "UK" or the "United Kingdom" are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland, references to "EU" are to the European Union, references to "US" or "United States" are to the 
United States of America, references to "UK pounds sterling", "£", "pounds sterling" or "sterling" are to 
the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "US$", "$", "US dollars", "dollars" or "Dollars" 
are to United States dollars, references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner, references to "EUR", "€" or 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended, references to a "fiscal year" are to the 12-month period ended on 31 March of the 
quoted year. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless 
such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless such 
rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank 
by virtue of the issue of the Notes. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 26 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 28 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 29 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 78 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 94 
DESCRIPTION OF RYANAIR ................................................................................................................. 96 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 125 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 129 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 132

--- Page 9 ---
1 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Ryanair DAC. 
Guarantor: 
Ryanair Holdings plc. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under 
the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Global Co-ordinator: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas and Citigroup Global Markets Limited. 
Dealers: 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Goodbody Stockbrokers UC 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
J&E Davy Unlimited Company 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Standard Chartered Bank 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant 
to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions  as completed 
to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Notes to 
be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, 
the "ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at 
any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Bearer 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series 
or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment 
of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
 
Each Note represented by a Global Note Certificate will either be: 
(a) in the case of a Global Note Certificate which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Global 
Note Certificate to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
No Notes shall be issued with a maturity of less than a year. Notes 
will be subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may 
also be redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates and in 
such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable 
rate the method of calculating interest may vary between the issue 
date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or at least 
equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire 
shares (or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the  
Issuer or by any entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. Subject 
thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Republic of Ireland, unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to the 
exception as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such

--- Page 12 ---
4 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by (i) in the case of an 
English Law Note, English Law, or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law 
Note, Irish Law. 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by both S&P and Fitch. The 
Notes to be issued will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to the Programme 
by S&P and Fitch or the rating(s) assigned to the Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation; and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes unless such rating is (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes unless such rating is (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the 
US, the EEA, the UK, the Republic of Ireland, Japan and Singapore, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer/Guarantor. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the industry in which each of them operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Ryanair Holdings plc and its consolidated subsidiaries 
taken as a whole are referred to herein as "Ryanair" or the "Group". 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the industry in 
which each of them operates and the Notes are the risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe to be the 
most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. 
However, as the risks which the Issuer and the Guarantor face relate to events and depend on circumstances 
that may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider among other things, the risks 
and uncertainties described below. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor that are not currently known to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, or that either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively 
also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
position of the Issuer and the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
Risks Related to the Company 
The Company May Not Be Successful in Increasing Fares to Cover Rising Business Costs 
Ryanair operates a low-fares airline. The success of its business model depends on its ability to control 
costs so as to deliver low fares while at the same time earning a profit. Ryanair has limited control over its 
fuel costs and already has comparatively low operating costs. In periods of high fuel costs, if Ryanair is 
unable to further reduce its other operating costs or generate additional revenues, operating profits are likely 
to fall. Furthermore, as part of its change in marketing and airport strategy, the Company expects increased 
marketing and advertising costs along with higher airport charges at primary airports in which it operates. 
Ryanair cannot offer any assurances regarding its future profitability. Changes in fuel costs and availability 
could have a material adverse impact on Ryanair's results. See "Changes in Fuel Costs and Availability 
Affect the Company's Results" and "The Company Faces Significant Price and Other Pressures in a Highly 
Competitive Environment" below. 
Ryanair Has a Significant Amount of Debt and Fixed Obligations, and Insufficient Liquidity May Have 
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company's Financial Condition 
Ryanair (as defined in "Description of Ryanair") carries, and will continue to carry for the foreseeable 
future, a substantial amount of debt related to aircraft financing commitments, as well as commitments for 
maintenance and other obligations. Although the Company has historically been able to generate sufficient 
cash flow from operations to pay debt and other fixed obligations when they become due, the risks described 
in this Base Prospectus may limit the Company's ability to do so in the future and may adversely affect its 
overall liquidity. As a result, the Company has incurred and will continue to seek new financing sources to 
fund its operations for the unknown duration of any economic recovery period. Volatility and uncertainty 
in the global markets generally, and the air transportation industry specifically, may make it difficult for 
Ryanair to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. Additionally, future debt agreements may 
contain more restrictive covenants or require security beyond historical market terms, which may restrict 
Ryanair's ability to successfully access capital. 
Changes in Fuel Costs and Availability Affect the Company's Results 
Jet fuel is subject to wide price fluctuations as a result of many economic and political factors and events 
occurring throughout the world that Ryanair can neither control nor accurately predict, including increases 
in demand, sudden disruptions in supply and other concerns about global supply, as well as market 
speculation. Oil prices increased significantly following Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, 
and remain volatile. As international prices for jet fuel are denominated in US dollars, Ryanair's fuel costs 
are also subject to certain exchange rate risks. Substantial price increases, adverse exchange rates, or the

--- Page 14 ---
6 
unavailability of adequate fuel supplies, including, without limitation, any such events resulting from 
international terrorism, prolonged hostilities in Central Eastern Europe, the Middle East or other oil-
producing regions or the suspension of production by any significant producer, may adversely affect 
Ryanair's profitability. In the event of a fuel shortage resulting from a disruption of oil imports or otherwise, 
additional increases in fuel prices or a curtailment of scheduled services could result.  
Ryanair enters into hedging arrangements providing for substantial protection against fluctuations in fuel 
prices, generally through forward contracts or fuel call options covering periods of up to 12-18 months of 
anticipated jet fuel requirements. Ryanair is exposed to risks arising from fluctuations in the price of fuel, 
and movements in the euro/US dollar exchange rate, especially in light of recent volatility in the relevant 
currency and commodity markets. Any movements in fuel costs could have a material adverse effect on 
Ryanair's financial performance. In addition, any strengthening of the US dollar against the euro could have 
an adverse effect on the cost of buying fuel in euro.  
No assurances whatsoever can be given about trends in fuel prices. Average fuel prices for future years 
may be significantly higher than current prices. There also cannot be any assurance that Ryanair's current 
or any future arrangements will be adequate to protect Ryanair from increases in the price of fuel or that 
Ryanair will not incur losses due to high fuel prices, either alone or in combination with other factors. 
Because of Ryanair's low fares as well as Ryanair's expansion plans, which could have a negative impact 
on yields, its ability to pass on increased fuel costs to passengers through increased fares or otherwise is 
somewhat limited. The expansion of Ryanair's fleet has resulted and will likely (in coming years) continue 
to result in an increase in Ryanair's aggregate fuel consumption.  
Additionally, declines in the price of oil and/or capacity declines may expose Ryanair to some risk of 
hedging losses and hedge ineffectiveness that could lead to negative effects, including income statement 
volatility on Ryanair's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
A Majority of Ryanair's Aircraft and Certain Parts are Sourced from a Single Supplier; therefore, 
Ryanair Would be Materially and Adversely Affected if such Supplier were Unable to Provide Additional 
Equipment or Support 
Because Ryanair currently sources the majority of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from Boeing, 
if Ryanair were unable to acquire additional aircraft or sufficient spare parts from Boeing, or if Boeing were 
unable or unwilling to make timely deliveries of aircraft or to provide adequate support for its products, 
Ryanair's operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Company Faces Legal Challenges by Regulatory Authorities and Consumers due to Delays in the 
Processing of Cash Refunds during the Covid-19 Pandemic and its Policy of Offering Travel Vouchers 
in lieu of Cash Refunds in the Interim 
In the initial stages of the Covid-19 pandemic, and in light of staff shortages due to lockdown restrictions 
and an unprecedented high rate of flight cancellations, Ryanair offered travel vouchers to passengers who 
claimed reimbursement. This policy was in line with the requirements of the 'European Commission's 
Recommendation (EU) 2020/648 of 13 May 2020 on vouchers offered to passengers and travellers as an 
alternative to reimbursement for cancelled package travel and transport services in the context of the Covid-
19 pandemic', (the "Recommendation") in which the European Commission recognised airlines' right to 
offer travel vouchers as long as the offer does not affect passengers' right to opt for a cash refund instead. 
National authorities responsible for the enforcement of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 and the European 
Commission's Consumer Protection Cooperation Network generally recognised Ryanair's efforts and 
accepted that the seven days' deadline provided for by the regulation to process refunds was to be interpreted 
in a reasonable manner in light of the circumstances of the Covid-19 crisis. While some consumer protection 
enforcement authorities or courts may ultimately find Ryanair's decision to encourage passengers to accept 
travel vouchers in lieu of a cash refund to amount to a breach of the regulation and/or an unfair commercial 
practice, the Company does not consider that such findings would have a material adverse effect on the 
results of operations or financial condition of Ryanair. 
Ryanair is Subject to Cyber Security Risks and May Incur Increasing Costs in An Effort to Minimise 
Those Risks 
As almost all of Ryanair's reservations are made through its website and mobile app, security breaches 
could expose it to a risk of loss or misuse of customer information, litigation and potential liability. Third 
party service organisations are used for both the reservation and flight planning process. These third-party

--- Page 15 ---
7 
service organisations are also subject to cyber security risks. Ryanair secures its website and follows the 
recommendations set out in the US National Institute of Standards and Technology's Cyber Security 
Framework. Nevertheless, the security measures which have been or will be implemented may not be 
effective, and Ryanair's systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number 
of potential sources and events, including unauthorised access or security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer 
viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. The methods used to obtain unauthorised access, disable, or 
degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or to detect 
for long periods of time. Ryanair may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or 
prevent these rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted at Ryanair, its customers 
and suppliers, or others who have entrusted it with information. Moreover, the war in Ukraine has resulted 
in a heightened risk of cyberattacks against companies like Ryanair that have operations, vendors and/or 
supply chain providers located around the region of conflict. While Ryanair has experienced, and expects 
to continue to experience these types of threats and incidents, the Group has not detected any material cyber 
security events during fiscal year 2023. 
The Covid-19 Pandemic and Measures to Reduce its Spread Had, and May Again in the Future Have, a 
Material Adverse Impact on the Company's Business, Results of Operations, Financial Condition and 
Liquidity 
At various times since the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic  ("Covid-19") in February 2020, 
governments and other authorities globally implemented a range of restrictions including lockdowns, "do 
not travel" advisories, restrictions on travel from certain international locations, enhanced airport 
screenings, mandatory quarantine requirements, social distancing, limitations on the number of persons that 
should be present at public gatherings and other similar restrictive measures. Restrictions and regulations 
in the future in response to new (vaccine-resistant) variants of Covid-19 or another pandemic could include 
imposing travel restrictions, quarantines of populations (including the Company's personnel), restrictions 
on Ryanair's ability to access its facilities or aircraft or requirements to collect additional passenger data. 
Ryanair experienced reduced international and domestic demand related to Covid-19 throughout fiscal year 
2021 and 2022. The Company may take actions to improve its financial position, including measures to 
improve liquidity if there are future adverse developments in relation to Covid-19 or another pandemic. 
Ryanair's reduction in expenditures, measures to improve liquidity or other strategic actions that it may take 
in the future in response to such developments may not be effective in offsetting any decreased demand, 
which could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and liquidity. In addition, Ryanair has incurred, and may in the future incur, significant Covid-
19 and/or pandemic related costs for enhanced aircraft cleaning and additional procedures to limit 
transmission among its personnel and customers. These measures, individually and combined, could have 
a material adverse impact on the Company's business. Even though the Covid-19 pandemic has now 
moderated and the enhanced screenings, quarantine requirements and travel restrictions have been eased 
and/or lifted completely, the Company may experience adverse effects to its businesses, results of 
operations, financial position and cash flows resulting from a recessionary global economic environment 
that may persist. 
Covid-19 Has Disrupted and May Disrupt the Company's Future Strategic Growth Plans 
Covid-19 has disrupted and may disrupt the Company's future strategic growth plans including its business' 
operating results and financial condition associated with executing its strategic growth plans in the medium 
or long term. In developing its strategic growth plans, the Company makes certain assumptions, including, 
but not limited to, those related to customer demand, competition, market consolidation, the availability of 
aircraft and the global economy. Actual economic, market and other conditions have been and may continue 
to be different from its assumptions. Demand was and may in the future be significantly impacted by Covid-
19 (or other pandemics), which has materially disrupted the timely execution of the Company's strategic 
operating plans. If the Company does not successfully execute or adjust its strategic growth plans in the 
long term, or if actual results vary significantly from its prior, current or future assumptions, the Company's 
business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
Ryanair is Subject to Increasingly Complex Data Protection Laws and Regulations 
Ryanair's business involves the processing and storage on a large scale of personal data relating to its 
customers, employees, business partners and others. Ryanair is subject to the EU General Data Protection 
Regulation (2016/679) (the "GDPR") (which became fully applicable on 25 May 2018) as well as relevant 
national implementing legislation (Irish Data Protection Act 2018), which impose significant obligations

--- Page 16 ---
8 
upon subject companies. Ensuring compliance with data protection laws is an ongoing commitment which 
involves substantial costs, and it is possible that, despite Ryanair's efforts, governmental authorities or third 
parties will assert that Ryanair's business practices fail to comply with these laws and regulations. If its 
operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws and regulations, Ryanair may be subject to 
significant civil, criminal and administrative damages, penalties and fines, as well as reputational harm, 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Ryanair has Seasonally Grounded Aircraft 
In prior fiscal years, in response to typically lower traffic and yields from November to March (inclusive) 
("winter"), higher airport charges and/or taxes and, at times, higher fuel prices, Ryanair adopted a policy 
of grounding a certain portion of its fleet during the winter. Ryanair carries out the majority of scheduled 
heavy maintenance during the winter which also results in the grounding of aircraft. The Company intends 
to continue grounding aircraft in fiscal year 2024. Ryanair's policy of seasonally grounding aircraft presents 
some risks. While Ryanair seeks to implement its seasonal grounding policy in a way that will allow it to 
reduce the negative impact on operating income by operating flights during periods of high oil prices to 
high-cost airports at low winter yields, there can be no assurance that this strategy will be successful.  
While seasonal grounding does reduce Ryanair's variable operating costs, it does not avoid fixed costs such 
as aircraft ownership costs, and it also decreases Ryanair's potential to earn revenues. Decreasing the 
number and frequency of flights may also negatively affect Ryanair's labour relations, including its ability 
to attract flight personnel interested in year-round employment. Such risks could lead to negative effects 
on Ryanair's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Currency Fluctuations Affect the Company's Results 
Although the Company is headquartered in Ireland, a significant portion of its operations are conducted in 
the UK. Consequently, the Group has significant operating revenues and operating expenses, as well as 
assets and liabilities, denominated in UK pounds sterling. In addition, fuel, aircraft, insurance, aircraft 
leases and some maintenance obligations are denominated in US dollars. The Company's operations and 
financial performance can therefore be significantly affected by fluctuations in the values of the UK 
pound sterling and the US dollar. Ryanair is particularly vulnerable to direct exchange rate risks between 
the euro and the US dollar because a significant portion of its operating costs are incurred in US dollars and 
substantially none of its revenues are denominated in US dollars.  
Although the Company engages in foreign currency hedging transactions between the euro and the US 
dollar and, from time to time, between the euro and the UK pound sterling, hedging activities are not 
expected to eliminate currency risks.  
Prolonged Delays in the European Union Aviation Safety Agency ("EASA") and/or the Federal Aviation 
Administration ("FAA") Issuing Required Certifications or Approvals for the Boeing 737-MAX-10 
Aircraft Could Materially and Adversely Affect the Company’s Business Plans, Strategy and Results of 
Operations. 
Pursuant to a contract with the Boeing, the Company has ordered 300 new Boeing 737-MAX-10 aircraft 
(of which 150 are the subject of a firm order and 150 are subject to an option exercisable at Ryanair’s 
discretion) for delivery between 2027 to 2033. The 2023 purchase agreement with Boeing that was signed 
on 9 May 2023 (the "2023 Boeing Contract") is subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual 
General Meeting ("AGM") on 14 September 2023 and the Company cannot provide any assurance that the 
2023 Boeing Contract will be approved at the AGM. 
Ryanair expects that the phased deliveries of the aircraft between 2027 and 2033 will enable Ryanair to 
create more than 10,000 new high-paid jobs for pilots, cabin crew and engineers, to facilitate disciplined 
traffic growth and support related revenue growth, and to replace a significant portion of Ryanair’s older 
Boeing aircraft, supporting Ryanair’s environmental and sustainability goals. 
The delivery of the new aircraft under the 2023 Boeing Contract is subject to the EASA and FAA issuing 
the required certifications and approvals to Boeing. Prolonged delays in the EASA and/or the FAA issuing 
the required certifications or approvals for the Boeing 737-MAX-10, or further regulatory actions by the 
EASA and/or the FAA with respect to the Boeing 737-MAX-10 aircraft could also materially and adversely 
affect Ryanair’s business plans, strategy and results of operations, and there can be no assurance that

--- Page 17 ---
9 
Ryanair will be able to procure and operate other types of aircraft from Boeing or another manufacturer, 
seller or lessor. 
Residual Value of the Fleet 
At 30 June 2023 the Company operated 558 aircraft (29 of which are leased), has a purchase contract in 
place in respect of an additional 91 Boeing 737-8200 “Gamechanger” aircraft over the period to December 
2024 pursuant to a contract with the Boeing Company ("Boeing", and such contract inclusive of subsequent 
amendments, the "2014 Boeing Contract") and now intends to purchase up to 300 Boeing 737-MAX-10 
aircraft (of which 150 are the subject of a firm order and 150 are subject to an option exercisable at Ryanair’s 
discretion) over a seven-year period from 2027 to 2033 (inclusive). Over the course of the 2023 Boeing 
Contract order, the Company plans to dispose and handback approximately 150 aircraft as part of its 
ongoing fleet management strategy. Although under the terms of the 2023 Boeing Contract the Company 
shall (subject to obtaining Shareholder consent) purchase the new aircraft at substantial discounts to the 
basic price for Boeing 737-MAX-10 aircraft, there can be no certainty that there will be demand for the 
new aircraft or that the Company will be able to sell aircraft profitably at the time of disposal. Failure by 
the Company to dispose of an appropriate number of aircraft could have an adverse effect on the Company’s 
financial condition. 
Growth Targets of the Company will be Reduced if the 2023 Boeing Contract is Not Approved 
The Company plans to grow passenger volume to approximately 300 million passengers per annum over 
the next 10 years to 31 March 2034 from 168.6 million passengers at the end of fiscal year 2023. If the 
2023 Boeing Contract is not approved by Shareholders at the AGM, the Board believes that the Company 
will be unable to grow passenger volumes to these levels. 
Brexit Could Adversely Affect Ryanair's Business 
The UK's exit from the European Union on 31 January 2020 has had a significant impact on the UK and 
the EU. The UK and the EU announced on 24 December 2020 that they had signed a Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the "EU-UK TCA"). The EU-UK TCA covers a wide range of topics, including trade in goods 
and in services, digital trade, intellectual property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, 
fisheries, social security coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, and 
thematic cooperation and participation in EU programmes. 
The current and future arrangements between the EU and the UK, including the EU-UK TCA, could directly 
impact Ryanair's business in a number of ways. They include, inter alia, the status of the UK in relation to 
the EU's open air transport market, freedom of movement between the UK and the EU, and employment, 
social security, tax and customs rules between the UK and the EU.  Adverse changes to any of these 
arrangements could potentially materially impact on Ryanair's financial condition and results of operations 
in the UK or other markets Ryanair serves. 
As a result of the EU-UK TCA, flights between the UK and the EU can be offered by any of the Company's 
airline subsidiaries. UK domestic flights and flights between the UK and non-EU destinations can, however, 
only be operated by the Company's UK subsidiary, Ryanair UK Limited ("Ryanair UK"), which received 
an Air Operator Certificate and Operating Licence ("UK AOC") from the UK Civil Aviation Authority 
("UK CAA") in December 2018.  
Ryanair is exposed to Brexit-related risks and uncertainties, as approximately 21 per cent. of revenue in 
fiscal year 2023 came from operations in the UK, although this was offset somewhat by approximately 16 
per cent. of Ryanair's non-fuel costs in fiscal year 2023 which were related to operations in the UK. 
Brexit could present Ryanair with a number of other potential regulatory challenges. Brexit could lead to 
potentially divergent treaties, laws and regulations, including those applicable to the provision of air 
transportation services, as the UK continues to determine which EU laws (including, but not limited to, in 
respect of aviation safety and security, consumer rights, data protection, public health and the environment) 
that it initially replicated on its exit from the EU to ultimately amend or abolish. It also requires special 
efforts to ensure Ryanair's continuing compliance with Regulation (EC) No 1008/2008, which requires that 
air carriers registered in an EU member state be majority-owned and effectively controlled by EU nationals. 
The Board of Directors has taken action to ensure continuing compliance with Regulation (EC) No 
1008/2008 after 31 December 2021, i.e., the date following which UK holders of the Company's shares are 
no longer treated as EU nationals for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1008/2008.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
Brexit has caused, and may continue to cause, both significant volatility in global stock markets and 
currency exchange rate fluctuations, as well as create significant uncertainty among UK businesses and 
investors, mainly due to the resulting legal and regulatory uncertainty. In particular, as at 30 June 2023, the 
pound sterling had lost approximately 15 per cent. and 11 per cent. of its value against the US Dollar and 
the euro, respectively, since the Brexit Referendum in 2016. Further, the Bank of England and other 
observers have warned of a significant probability of a Brexit-related recession in the UK, which may be 
further impacted by the long-term negative economic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, 
increased interest rates and rising inflation. The Company earns a significant portion of its revenues in 
pounds sterling, and any significant decline in the value of the pound sterling and/or recession in the UK 
would materially impact its financial condition and results of operations.  For the remainder of fiscal year 
2024, taking account of timing differences between the receipt of sterling denominated revenues and the 
payment of sterling denominated costs, Ryanair's management estimates that every 1 pence sterling 
movement in the EUR/GBP exchange rate will impact net income by approximately €16 million. For 
additional information, please see "Currency Fluctuations Affect the Company's Results" above. 
Risks Associated with the Euro 
The Company is headquartered in Ireland and its reporting currency is the euro. Generally, fluctuations in 
foreign currencies, including devaluations, cannot be predicted by the Company and can significantly affect 
the value of Ryanair's assets located or revenues generated outside of the Eurozone. As a result of the UK's 
Brexit referendum in 2016, the pound sterling increased in volatility against the euro and could become 
more volatile over the course of the post-transition period.  The Group's airlines predominantly operate 
to/from countries within the Eurozone and have significant operational and financial exposures to the 
Eurozone that could result in a reduction in the operating performance of Ryanair or the devaluation of 
certain assets. Ryanair has taken certain risk management measures to minimise any disruptions; however, 
these risk management measures may be insufficient.  
The Company has cash and aircraft assets and debt liabilities that are denominated in euro on its balance 
sheet. In addition, the positive/negative mark-to-market value of derivative-based transactions are recorded 
in euro as either assets or liabilities on the Company's balance sheet. Uncertainty regarding the future of 
the Eurozone could have a materially adverse effect on the value of these assets and liabilities. In addition 
to the assets and liabilities on Ryanair's balance sheet, the Company has a number of cross currency risks 
as a result of the jurisdictions of the operating business including non-euro revenues, fuel costs, certain 
maintenance costs and insurance costs. A strengthening in the value of the euro, primarily against UK 
pound sterling and other non-Eurozone currencies such as Polish zloty or a weakening against the US dollar, 
could have a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company. 
Recession, inflation, austerity, changes in monetary policy and uncertainty in connection with the euro 
could also mean that Ryanair is unable to grow. 
Ryanair is Subject to Legal Proceedings Alleging State Aid at Certain Airports 
Formal investigations are ongoing by the European Commission into Ryanair's agreements with 
Carcassonne, Girona, Reus, Târgu Mures and Beziers airports, and Ryanair's agreements from 2009 with 
Frankfurt (Hahn) airport and Ryanair’s arrangements with Cagliari airport following the European 
Commission’s withdrawal in March 2023 of its 2016 finding that Ryanair had received aid through those 
arrangements. The investigations seek to determine whether the agreements constitute illegal state aid under 
EU law. The investigations are currently expected to be completed in 2023, with the European 
Commission's decisions being appealable to the EU General Court. Investigations into Ryanair's 
agreements with the Bratislava, Tampere, Marseille, Berlin (Schönefeld), Aarhus, Dusseldorf (Weeze), 
Brussels (Charleroi), Alghero, Stockholm (Västerås), Lübeck, Riga and Paris (Beauvais) airports, and into 
Ryanair's agreements prior to 2009 with Frankfurt (Hahn) airport, have concluded with findings that these 
agreements contained no state aid.  In parallel, the European Commission has announced findings of state 
aid to Ryanair in its arrangements with Pau, Nimes, Angouleme, Altenburg, Zweibrücken, Cagliari, 
Klagenfurt, Montpellier and La Rochelle airports, ordering Ryanair to repay a total of approximately €40 
million of alleged state aid.  Ryanair has appealed these "aid" decisions to the EU General Court (except 
for the La Rochelle decision, which will be appealed once it has been published), which ruled in favour of 
the European Commission in five of the cases (Pau, Nimes, Angouleme, Altenburg and Klagenfurt, the 
latter of which Ryanair has appealed to the European Court of Justice, with a ruling expected in 2023). The 
General Court ruled in Ryanair's favour in the Zweibrücken airport case, and the Montpellier case is 
pending and is expected to conclude in 2023. In 2023, the European Commission withdrew its "aid" 
decision concerning Ryanair's arrangements with Cagliari airport, following a General Court ruling in a

--- Page 19 ---
11 
related case, and is currently reviewing the case afresh in light of the guidance received from the Court, 
with a decision expected in late 2023 or early 2024. In addition to the European Commission investigations, 
Ryanair is facing an allegation that it has benefited from unlawful state aid in a German court case in 
relation to its arrangements with Frankfurt (Hahn) launched by Lufthansa in 2006. Adverse rulings in the 
above state aid matters could be used as precedents by competitors to challenge Ryanair's agreements with 
other publicly owned airports and could cause Ryanair to strongly reconsider its growth strategy in relation 
to public or state-owned airports across Europe. This could in turn lead to a scaling-back of Ryanair's overall 
growth strategy due to the smaller number of privately-owned airports available for development.  
No assurance can be given as to the outcome of these legal proceedings, nor as to whether any unfavourable 
outcomes may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the results of operations 
or financial condition of Ryanair. 
For additional information, see "Description of Ryanair—Legal Proceedings—EU State Aid-Related 
Proceedings". 
The Company Faces Significant Price and Other Pressures in a Highly Competitive Environment 
Ryanair operates in a highly competitive marketplace, with a number of low-fare, traditional and charter 
airlines competing throughout its route network. Airlines compete primarily in respect of fare levels, 
frequency and dependability of service, name recognition, passenger amenities (such as access to frequent 
flyer programmes), and the availability and convenience of other passenger services. Unlike Ryanair, 
certain competitors are state-owned or state-controlled flag carriers and in some cases may have greater 
name recognition and resources and may have received, or may receive in the future, significant amounts 
of subsidies and other state aid from their respective governments as happened during the Covid-19 
pandemic. In addition, the EU-US Open Skies Agreement, allows US carriers to offer services in the intra-
EU market, which could eventually result in increased competition in the EU market. See "Description of 
Ryanair—Government Regulation—European Union". 
The airline industry is highly susceptible to price discounting, in part because airlines incur very low 
marginal costs for providing service to passengers occupying otherwise unsold seats. Both low-fare and 
traditional airlines sometimes offer low fares in direct competition with Ryanair across a significant 
proportion of its route network as a result of the liberalisation of the EU air transport market and greater 
public acceptance of the low-fares model. 
In addition to traditional competition among airline companies and charter operators who have entered the 
low-fares market, the industry also faces competition from ground transportation (including high-speed rail 
systems) and sea transportation alternatives, as businesses and recreational travellers seek substitutes for 
air travel.  
Although Ryanair intends to assert its rights against any predatory pricing or other similar conduct, price 
competition, both among airlines and between airlines and ground and sea transportation alternatives,  could 
reduce the level of fares and/or passenger traffic on Ryanair's routes to the point where profitability may 
not be achievable. 
The Company Will Incur Significant Costs Acquiring New Aircraft and Any Instability in the Credit and 
Capital Markets Could Negatively Impact Ryanair's Ability to Obtain Financing on Acceptable Terms 
Ryanair's continued growth is dependent upon its ability to acquire additional aircraft to meet additional 
capacity needs and to replace older aircraft. Ryanair had 537 aircraft in its operating fleet at 31 March 2023, 
and expects to receive an additional 112 Boeing 737-8200 aircraft during fiscal years 2024 to 2025 
inclusive, pursuant to the 2014 Boeing Contract. Ryanair expects to have approximately 640 narrow-body 
aircraft in its fleet following delivery of all the Boeing 737-8200 aircraft, depending on the level of lease 
returns, Boeing's ability to fulfil the 2014 Boeing Contract and aircraft disposals. For additional information 
on the Company's aircraft fleet and expansion plans, see "A Majority of Ryanair's Aircraft and Certain 
Parts are Sourced from a Single Supplier; therefore, Ryanair Would be Materially and Adversely Affected 
if such Supplier were Unable to Provide Additional Equipment or Support" and "Description of Ryanair—
Boeing Aircraft" and "Description of Ryanair—Airbus Aircraft". There can be no assurance that this 
planned expansion will not outpace the growth of passenger traffic on Ryanair's routes or that traffic growth 
will not prove to be greater than the expanded fleet can accommodate. In either case, such developments 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.

--- Page 20 ---
12 
As a result of the 2014 Boeing Contract and the 2023 Boeing Contract, and other general corporate 
purposes, Ryanair has raised and expects to continue to raise substantial debt financing. Ryanair's ability to 
raise unsecured or secured debt to pay for aircraft is subject to potential volatility in the worldwide financial 
markets. Additionally, Ryanair's ability to raise unsecured or secured debt to pay for aircraft as they are 
delivered is subject to various conditions imposed by the counterparties and debt markets to such loan 
facilities and related loan guarantees, and any future financing is expected to be subject to similar 
conditions.  Any failure by Ryanair to comply with such conditions and any failure to raise necessary 
amounts of unsecured or secured debt to pay for aircraft would have a material adverse effect on its results 
of operations and financial condition.  
Using the debt capital markets to finance the Company requires the Company to retain its investment grade 
credit ratings (the Company has a BBB+ (stable outlook) credit rating from both S&P and Fitch). There is 
a risk that the Group will be unable, or unwilling, to access these markets if it is downgraded or is unable 
to retain its investment grade credit ratings and this could lead to a higher cost of finance for the Group and 
a material adverse effect on its results and financial condition. 
Ryanair has previously entered into significant derivative transactions intended to hedge some of its aircraft 
acquisition-related debt obligations. These derivative transactions expose Ryanair to certain risks and could 
have adverse effects on its results of operations and financial condition. 
The Company's Growth May Expose it to Risks 
Ryanair's operations have grown rapidly since it pioneered the low-fares operating model in Europe in the 
early 1990s. Ryanair intends to continue to expand its fleet and add new destinations and additional flights. 
In September 2021, Ryanair increased its booked passenger target to approximately 225 million passengers 
per annum by fiscal year 2026. Subject to shareholder approval of the 2023 Boeing Contract at the 
Company's AGM on 14 September 2023, this target will increase to approximately 300 million passengers 
per annum by fiscal year 2034. However, no assurance can be given that these targets will be met. If growth 
in passenger traffic and Ryanair's revenues do not keep pace with the planned expansion of its fleet, Ryanair 
could suffer from overcapacity and its results of operations and financial condition (including its ability to 
fund scheduled purchases of the new aircraft and related debt repayments) could be materially adversely 
affected. 
The continued expansion of Ryanair's fleet and operations, combined with other factors, may also strain 
existing management resources and related operational, financial, management information and 
information technology systems. Expansion will generally require additional skilled personnel, equipment, 
facilities and systems. An inability to hire skilled personnel or to secure required equipment and facilities 
efficiently and in a cost-effective manner may have a material adverse effect on Ryanair's ability to achieve 
its growth plans and sustain or increase its profitability. 
Ryanair's New Routes and Expanded Operations May Have an Adverse Financial Impact on its Results 
When Ryanair commences new routes, its load factors and fares tend to be lower than those on its 
established routes and its advertising and other promotional costs tend to be higher, which may result in 
initial losses that could have a material negative impact on Ryanair's results of operations as well as require 
a substantial amount of cash to fund. In addition, there can be no assurance that Ryanair's low-fares service 
will be accepted on new routes. Ryanair also periodically runs special promotional fare campaigns, in 
particular in connection with the opening of new routes. Promotional fares may have the effect of increasing 
load factors and reducing Ryanair's yield and passenger revenues on such routes during the periods that 
they are in effect. Ryanair has significant cash needs as it expands, including the cash required to fund 
aircraft purchases or aircraft deposits related to the acquisition of aircraft. There can be no assurance that 
Ryanair will have sufficient cash to make such expenditures and investments, and to the extent Ryanair is 
unable to expand its route system successfully, its future revenue and earnings growth will in turn be 
limited. See "The Company Will Incur Significant Costs Acquiring New Aircraft and Any Instability in the 
Credit and Capital Markets Could Negatively Impact Ryanair's Ability to Obtain Financing on Acceptable 
Terms" above. 
Ryanair's Continued Growth is Dependent on Access to Suitable Airports; Charges for Airport Access 
are Subject to Increase 
Airline traffic at certain European airports is regulated by a system of grandfathered "slot" allocations. Each 
slot represents authorisation to take-off and/or land at the particular airport at a specified time. As part of

--- Page 21 ---
13 
Ryanair's strategic initiatives, which include flights to primary airports, the Group's airlines are operating 
to an increasing number of slot-coordinated airports, a number of which have constraints at particular times 
of the day. There can be no assurance that Ryanair will be able to obtain a sufficient number of slots at slot-
coordinated airports that it may wish to serve in the future, at the time it needs them, or on acceptable terms. 
There can also be no assurance that its non-slot constrained bases, or the other non-slot constrained airports 
Ryanair serves, will continue to operate without slot allocation restrictions in the future. See "Description 
of Ryanair—Environmental Regulation—Slots". Airports may impose other operating restrictions such as 
curfews, limits on aircraft noise levels, mandatory flight paths, runway restrictions, and limits on the 
number of average daily departures. Such restrictions may limit the ability of Ryanair to provide service to 
or increase service at such airports. 
Ryanair's future growth also materially depends on its ability to access suitable airports located in its 
targeted geographic markets at costs that are consistent with Ryanair's strategy. Any condition that denies, 
limits, or delays Ryanair's access to airports it serves or seeks to serve in the future would constrain 
Ryanair's ability to grow. A change in the terms of Ryanair's access to these facilities or any increase in the 
relevant charges paid by Ryanair as a result of the expiration or termination of such arrangements and 
Ryanair's failure to renegotiate comparable terms or rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, see "Description of 
Ryanair—Environmental Regulation—Airport Charges". See also "The Company Is Subject to Legal 
Proceedings Alleging State Aid at Certain Airports" above. 
Labour Relations Could Expose the Company to Risk 
In December 2017, Ryanair announced its decision to recognise trade unions for collective bargaining 
purposes. Since then, the Group's airlines have concluded Collective Labour Agreements ("CLAs") with 
trade unions in most of their major markets. The CLAs concluded to date vary by country but include 
agreements on recognition, seniority, base transfers, promotions, pay and rostering arrangements. There 
may be a push for legacy type working conditions which if acceded to, could decrease the productivity of 
crew, increase costs and have an adverse effect on profitability. 
At the outset of the Covid-19 pandemic, Ryanair and its union partners negotiated agreements to protect 
crew jobs via temporary pay cuts which were to be gradually restored from 2022 to 2025. In fiscal year 
2023, the Group's airlines concluded agreements with their people and unions, in the majority of countries, 
which accelerated pay restoration with pay fully restored in December 2022 and annual pay increases 
applying thereafter to 2025 or 2026. Whilst agreements on pay are in place, high inflation in the general 
economy, a global recession and a shift in market conditions could lead to unrealistic expectations by trade 
unions and excessive pay demands that could lead to labour unrest.  
Ryanair intends to retain its low fare, high people productivity model; however, there may be periods of 
labour unrest as unions challenge the existing high people productivity model which may have an adverse 
effect on customer sentiment and profitability.  
Ryanair has transitioned from Irish to local contracts of employment in a number of EU countries which 
has impacted costs, productivity and complexity of the business. Any subsequent decision to switch to 
lower cost locations could result in redundancies and a consequent deterioration in labour relations.  
The Company is Dependent on External Service Providers 
Ryanair currently assigns its engine overhauls and "rotable" repairs to outside contractors approved under 
the terms of Part 145, the European regulatory standard for aircraft maintenance ("Part 145") established 
by EASA. The Company also assigns its passenger, aircraft and ground handling services at airports (other 
than Dublin and certain airports in Poland, Spain and Portugal) to established external service providers.  
The termination or expiration of any of Ryanair's service contracts or any inability to renew them or 
negotiate replacement contracts with other service providers at competitive rates could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. Ryanair will need to enter into airport service 
agreements in any new markets it enters, and there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain the 
necessary facilities and services at competitive rates. In addition, although Ryanair seeks to monitor the 
performance of external parties that provide passenger and aircraft handling services, the efficiency, 
timeliness, and quality of contract performance by external providers are largely beyond Ryanair's direct 
control. Ryanair expects to be dependent on such outsourcing arrangements for the foreseeable future.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
The Group is Dependent on Key Personnel 
Ryanair's success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of its senior management 
team, including Michael O'Leary, the Group Chief Executive Officer, and key financial, commercial, 
operating, IT, ESG, HR and maintenance personnel. Ryanair's success also depends on the ability of its 
executive officers and other members of senior management to operate and manage effectively, both 
independently and as a group. Although Ryanair's employment agreements with Mr. O'Leary and several 
of its other senior executives contain non-competition and non-disclosure provisions, there can be no 
assurance that these provisions will be enforceable in whole or in part. Competition for highly qualified 
personnel is intense, and either the loss of any executive officer, senior manager, or other key employee 
without adequate replacement or the inability to attract new qualified personnel could have a material 
adverse effect upon Ryanair's business, operating results, and financial condition.  
Entry Into Service of the Boeing 737-8200 
Ryanair has 210 Boeing 737-8200 aircraft on firm order from Boeing. These aircraft were originally due to 
commence delivery in April 2019. During fiscal year 2021, the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") 
and the European Aviation Safety Agency ("EASA") approved the ungrounding of the Boeing 737-MAX 
(the "MAX") and approved Ryanair's variant the Boeing 737-8200. Ryanair received the first aircraft in 
June 2021. As at 31 March 2023, the Group had taken delivery of 98 Boeing 737-8200s. The remaining 
112 aircraft are scheduled to be delivered over the next two fiscal years. 
There can be no assurance that EASA will not, now or in the future, apply additional maintenance and/or 
simulator training in relation to the operation of the Boeing 737-8200 aircraft, that will materially increase 
the cost of operating this aircraft type. 
The Company Faces Risks Related to its Internet Reservations Operations and its Elimination of Airport 
Check-in Facilities 
Ryanair's flight reservations are made through its website, mobile app and Global Distribution Systems, 
including Amadeus, Sabre and Travelport (which operates the Galileo and Worldspan GDS) (collectively 
the "GDSs"). Ryanair has established contingency programmes which include migrating its website to the 
"cloud" and having a back-up booking engine available to support its existing booking platform in the event 
of a breakdown in this facility. Nonetheless, the process of switching over to the back-up booking engine 
could take some time and there can be no assurance that Ryanair would not suffer a significant loss of 
reservations in the event of a major breakdown of its booking engine or other related systems.  
All Ryanair passengers are required to use Internet check-in. Internet check-in is part of a package of 
measures intended to reduce check-in lines and passenger handling costs and pass on these savings by 
reducing passenger airfares. Ryanair has deployed this system across its network. Any disruptions to the 
Internet check-in service as a result of a breakdown in the relevant computer systems or otherwise could 
have a material adverse impact on these service-improvement and cost-reduction efforts. There can be no 
assurance, however, that this process will continue to be successful or that consumers will not switch to 
other carriers that provide standard check-in facilities, which would negatively affect Ryanair's results of 
operations and financial condition.  
The Company Faces Risks Related to Unauthorised Use of Information from the Company's Website 
Screen scraper websites gain unauthorised access to Ryanair's website and booking system, extract flight 
and pricing information and display it on their own websites for sale to customers at prices which may 
include hidden intermediary fees on top of Ryanair's fares. Ryanair does not allow any such commercial 
use of its website and objects to the practice of screen scraping also on the basis of certain legal principles, 
such as contractual and database rights and copyright protection. In turn, Ryanair has been accused by 
certain operators of screen scraping websites that its objection to the unauthorised selling by online travel 
agents to consumers of Ryanair flight tickets is an attempt to restrict competition. Ryanair is currently 
involved in legal proceedings against the proprietors of screen scraper websites in the Czech Republic, 
Germany, Ireland, France, Italy, Poland, the UK and the US Ryanair's objective is to prevent any 
unauthorised use of its website and to prevent consumer harm, and the resultant reputational damage to the 
Company, that may arise due to the failure by some operators of screen scraper websites to provide Ryanair 
with the passengers' genuine contact and payment method details. Ryanair does allow certain companies 
who operate fare comparison (i.e. not reselling) websites to access its schedule and fare information for the 
purposes of price comparison provided they sign a licence and use the agreed method to access the data. 
Ryanair also permits GDS operators Amadeus, Sabre and Travelport (trading as Galileo and Worldspan) to

--- Page 23 ---
15 
provide access to Ryanair's fares to traditional brick and mortar travel agents and closed corporate travel 
booking platforms. Ryanair has obtained both favourable and unfavourable rulings in its actions against 
screen scrapers. However, pending the outcome of these legal proceedings and if Ryanair were to be 
ultimately unsuccessful in them, the activities of screen scraper websites could lead to a reduction in the 
number of customers who book directly on Ryanair's website and consequently to a reduction in Ryanair's 
ancillary revenue stream. Also, some business may be lost to Ryanair once potential customers are 
presented by a screen scraper website with a Ryanair fare or a fee for an ancillary product such as priority 
boarding or checked baggage inflated by the screen scraper's intermediary fee. This could also adversely 
affect Ryanair's reputation as a low-fares airline, which could negatively affect Ryanair's results of 
operations and financial conditions. 
For additional details, see "Description of Ryanair—Legal Proceedings—Legal Proceedings Against 
Internet Ticket Touts". 
Corporation Tax Rates are Expected to Rise 
The Company is principally subject to corporation tax on profits across a number of European jurisdictions 
from which its airlines are managed and controlled (i.e., Ireland, Malta, Poland, and the UK). In December 
2022, the Council of the EU reached unanimous agreement to adopt the European Commission's directive 
relating to the OECD's inclusive framework on BEPS Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (referred to 
as "GloBE" or "Pillar Two"). The directive requires EU member states to enact a minimum global corporate 
tax rate of 15 per cent. for multinational groups. Legislators in multiple countries outside of the EU 
(including the UK) have also drafted legislation to implement the OECD's proposal. When enacted, these 
rules are expected to increase the overall effective tax rate of the Company from 1 April 2024 onwards.  
Any increase in corporation tax rates to which the Company is exposed or adverse changes in the basis of 
calculation would result in the Company paying higher corporation taxes and could have an adverse impact 
on Ryanair's cash flows, financial position and results of operations. 
Changes in EU Regulations in Relation to Employers and Employee Social Insurance Could Increase 
Costs 
European legislation governs the country in which employees and employers must pay social insurance 
costs. Under the terms of legislation introduced in 2012, employees and employers must pay social 
insurance in the country where the employee is based. Prior to June 2012, Ryanair paid employee and 
employer social insurance in the country under whose laws the employee's contract of employment was 
governed, which was either the UK or Ireland. The legislation introduced in 2012 included grandfathering 
rights whereby existing employees (i.e. those employed prior to the introduction of the new legislation in 
June 2012) were exempt from the effects of the new legislation for a period of 10 years up until June 2022 
provided they did not transfer between bases. Each country within the EU has different rules and rates in 
relation to the calculation of employee and employer social insurance contributions and any increase in the 
rates of contributions will have a material adverse effect on Ryanair's cash flows, financial position and 
results of operations.  
Ryanair is Subject to Tax Audits 
The Company operates in many jurisdictions and is, from time to time, subject to tax audits, which by their 
nature are often complex and can require several years to conclude. While the Company is of the view that 
it is tax compliant in the various jurisdictions in which it operates, there can be no guarantee, particularly 
in the current economic environment, that it will not receive tax assessments following the conclusion of 
the tax audits.  In the event that the Company is unsuccessful in defending its position, it is possible that 
the effective tax rate, employment and other costs of the Company could materially increase. See 
"Corporation Tax Rates Expected to Rise" above. 
Risks Related to the Airline Industry 
Any Significant Outbreak of any Airborne Disease or Similar Public Health Threat Could Significantly 
Damage Ryanair's Business, Operating Results and Financial condition 
A severe outbreak of new (vaccine-resistant) variants of Covid-19, swine flu, MERS, SARS, foot-and-
mouth disease, avian flu or another pandemic or livestock-related disease may result in European or national 
authorities imposing/re-imposing restrictions on travel, further damaging Ryanair's business. If any such 
outbreak or other public health threat becomes severe in Europe, its effect on demand for air travel in the

--- Page 24 ---
16 
markets in which Ryanair operates could be material, and it could therefore have a significantly adverse 
effect on the Company's financial performance. Negative publicity regarding such an outbreak or public 
health threat in Europe and other regions of the world may also have an adverse impact on demand for air 
travel in the markets in which Ryanair operates. A serious outbreak or other public health threat could 
therefore severely disrupt Ryanair's business, resulting in the cancellation or loss of bookings, and adversely 
affecting Ryanair's financial condition and results of operations. See "Risks Related to the Company—The 
Covid-19 Pandemic and Measures to Reduce its Spread Had, and May again in the Future Have, a Material 
Adverse Impact on the Company's Business, Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Liquidity" and 
"Risks Related to the Company—Covid-19 Has Disrupted the Company's Strategic Growth Plans" above. 
EU Regulation on Passenger Compensation Could Significantly Increase Related Costs 
Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 requires airlines to compensate passengers (holding a valid ticket) who have 
been denied boarding or whose flight has been cancelled or delayed more than three hours on arrival. The 
regulation calls for compensation of €250, €400, or €600 per passenger, depending on the length of the 
flight and the cause of the cancellation or delay, i.e. whether it is caused by "extraordinary circumstances". 
As Ryanair's average flight length is less than 1,500 Km – the upper limit for short-haul flights – the amount 
payable is generally €250 per passenger. Passengers subject to flight delays over two hours are also entitled 
to "assistance", including meals, drinks and telephone calls, as well as hotel accommodation if the delay 
extends overnight. For delays of over five hours, the airline is also required to offer the option of a refund 
of the cost of the unused ticket. There can be no assurance that the Company will not incur a significant 
increase in costs in the future due to the impact of this regulation if Ryanair experiences a large number of 
delays or cancelled flights, which could occur as a result of certain types of events beyond its control. 
Further, recently courts in several jurisdictions have been narrowing the definition of the term 
"extraordinary circumstances", thus allowing increased consumer claims for compensation. In September 
2015, the Court of Justice of the EU, in Van der Lans v KLM, held that airlines are required to provide 
compensation to passengers even in the event of a flight cancellation on account of unforeseen technical 
defects. Further, in April 2018, the Court of Justice of the EU found in Krusemann v TUIfly that "wildcat" 
strikes which stem from restructuring measures taken by an air carrier do not constitute extraordinary 
circumstances. In March 2021, in the Airhelp v SAS proceedings, the Court of Justice of the EU effectively 
imposed strict liability on airlines to pay compensation where flights are cancelled or delayed for three 
hours or more on arrival due to strikes by airline staff. In addition, in December 2021, in joined cases 
(including Azurair, Corendon Airlines, Eurowings, Austrian Airlines and Laudamotion), the Court of 
Justice of the EU found that compensation is also payable for schedule changes made without sufficient 
notice which result in an earlier departure of more than one hour or a later departure of three hours or more 
unless due to "extraordinary circumstances". See "Extreme Weather Events Could Affect the Company and 
Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company's Results of Operations" below. 
Under the terms of Regulation (EC) No 261/2004, described above, in addition to the payment of 
compensation, Ryanair has certain duties to passengers whose flights are cancelled. In particular, Ryanair 
is required to reimburse passengers who have had their flights cancelled for certain reasonable, documented 
expenses – primarily for accommodation and food. Passengers must also be given a re-routing option if 
their flight is delayed over three hours or if it is cancelled. Such re-routing options are not limited to Ryanair 
flights and other carriers must be considered if no suitable Ryanair flight can be sourced.  If a passenger 
elects for a refund, Ryanair's re-routing obligations cease. 
Similar passenger rights are provided in the UK under the Air Passenger Rights and Air Travel Organizers' 
Licensing (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 ("UK261") and in Israel under the Aviation Services 
Law ("ASL"). 
The Airline Industry is Particularly Sensitive to Changes in Economic Conditions: A Continued 
Recessionary Environment Would Negatively Impact Ryanair's Results of Operations 
Ryanair's operations and the airline industry in general are sensitive to changes in economic conditions. 
Unfavourable economic conditions such as government austerity measures, the longer-term impact of 
Covid-19, the uncertainty relating to the Eurozone and the UK following Brexit, geopolitical tensions, 
economic instability as a consequence of the war in Ukraine, high unemployment rates, constrained credit 
markets and continuing inflationary pressures could lead to reduced spending by both leisure and business 
passengers. Unfavourable economic conditions, such as the conditions persisting as of the date hereof, also 
tend to impact Ryanair's ability to raise fares to counteract increased fuel and other operating costs. A 
continued recessionary and/or inflationary environment, combined with austerity measures by European 
governments, restricted or less accommodative monetary policies, uncertainties resulting from Brexit and

--- Page 25 ---
17 
uncertainties, sanctions, trade and travel restrictions and fuel and gas shortages resulting from the war in 
Ukraine, has negatively impacted and will likely continue to negatively impact Ryanair's operating results. 
It could also restrict the Company's ability to grow passenger volumes, secure new airports and launch new 
routes and bases, and could have a material adverse effect on its financial results. See "Geopolitical 
Uncertainties and an Increase of Trade Protectionism Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Ryanair's 
Business, Results of Operation and Financial Condition" below.  
The Introduction of Government/Environmental Taxes or Prohibitions on Travel Could Damage 
Ryanair's Ability to Grow and Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Operations 
Travel taxes are levied on a per passenger basis in a number of Ryanair markets. For example, in the UK, 
Air Passenger Duty (APD) is charged at £13 per adult international passenger. In Germany there is an air 
passenger tax of €12.75 and similar taxes exist in the Netherlands (€26.43), Morocco (MAD193), Sweden 
(SEK 64), Hungary (€10 on short-haul traffic from 1 July 2022) and Italy (municipal taxes of €6.50, Rome 
at €7.50) amongst others. These taxes are levied as a flat amount per departing passenger and account for 
a higher percentage when applied to low fares. In Ryanair's experience the imposition of travel taxes 
reduces the growth potential of a market as fares do not increase by the amount of the tax. In most markets, 
transfer passengers are exempt from these taxes and as a result they distort the market by giving an unfair 
subsidy to inefficient high-cost airlines who operate connecting flight networks. For example, from 1 April 
2022, Belgium has introduced a new tax on departing passengers with an exemption for transfer passengers.  
The introduction of government taxes on travel has had a negative impact on passenger volumes, 
particularly given the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic within the industry. The introduction of further 
government taxes on travel across Europe could have a material adverse effect on Ryanair's financial 
results. 
In 2021, a law was passed in France prohibiting domestic flights where an alternative direct train service 
operates in under 2.5 hours with an exception made for connecting flights. The European Commission 
found this distorted competition between point-to-point carriers and network operators. Consequently, 
France amended the law to remove this exemption for connecting flights. The new formulation of the law 
de facto means that only 3 routes to Paris Orly airport are affected. The European Commission approved 
this law in December 2022. 
While management believes that any such restriction of airlines' commercial freedom would be 
incompatible with EU law, it cannot be guaranteed that some form of government intervention in airline 
ticket prices will not be introduced at a national or European level. This would severely impact Ryanair's 
ability to attract the most price sensitive consumers.  
In July 2021, the European Commission announced details of the proposed "Fit for 55" legislation. These 
proposals include the introduction of a jet fuel tax on intra-EU flights through the Energy Taxation 
Directive. This tax would potentially be fully phased in over a 10-year period from 2024 to 2033. The 
introduction of this tax on intra-EU flights could have a material adverse effect on Ryanair's financial 
results. 
Geopolitical Uncertainties and an Increase of Trade Protectionism Could Have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Ryanair's Business, Results of Operation and Financial Condition 
In response to the war in Ukraine which started in February 2022, the EU, the UK, the US and other 
countries have introduced extensive sanctions on Russia (as well as Belarus for its role in Russia's invasion) 
comprised of targeted, restrictive measures on certain individuals and entities, export controls, as well as 
general restrictions on economic relations, trade and financial transactions relating to Russia and Belarus. 
In response, Russia has imposed countermeasures against "unfriendly" states and individuals and entities 
of such states. These sanctions and countermeasures have had, and are expected to continue to have, a 
significant disruptive effect on global markets, including oil and gas markets, accessibility of airports and 
associated travel routes, as well as supply chains, including aircraft components. Geopolitical events, 
including the escalation or expansion of hostilities in the war in Ukraine, may lead to further trade 
restrictions and instability across Europe and worldwide. 
In addition, the imposition of tariffs on certain imported products by the US and subsidies provided to US 
companies have triggered retaliatory actions or threats of retaliatory actions from certain foreign 
governments and may trigger retaliatory actions by other foreign governments, potentially resulting in a 
"trade war". Certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing trade sanctions on

--- Page 26 ---
18 
certain US goods. Others are considering the imposition of sanctions that will deny US companies access 
to critical raw materials.  
The above geopolitical and trade uncertainty and tensions have resulted in price increases of goods and 
services globally that may affect Ryanair which has exposure, either directly or indirectly, to the availability 
and cost of certain raw materials, including steel and titanium used for aircraft and spare parts it purchases 
and jet fuel. Sanctions, trade wars between certain countries or blocks of countries, or other governmental 
action, including retaliatory measures, related to tariffs or international trade agreements could have a 
material adverse effect on demand for Ryanair's services, its costs, customers, suppliers and/or the Irish, 
EU, UK, US or world economy or certain sectors thereof and, in turn Ryanair's business and financial 
results. 
The Company is Substantially Dependent on Discretionary Air Travel 
Because a substantial portion of airline travel (both business and personal) is discretionary and because 
Ryanair is substantially dependent on discretionary air travel, any prolonged general reduction in airline 
passenger traffic could have a material adverse effect on the Company's profitability or financial condition. 
Similarly, any significant increase in expenses related to security, insurance or related costs could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's profitability or financial condition. As a consequence, any future 
aircraft safety incidents (particularly involving other low-fare airlines or aircraft models flown by Ryanair), 
changes in public opinion regarding the environmental impacts of air travel, terrorist attacks in Europe, the 
US or elsewhere, significant military actions by the United States or EU nations, or any related economic 
downturn may have a material adverse effect on demand for air travel and thus on Ryanair's business, 
operating results, and financial condition. See "The Company is Dependent on the Continued Acceptance 
of Low-fares Airlines" below. 
Environmental Regulation Will Increase Costs 
Many aspects of Ryanair's operations are subject to increasingly stringent national and international laws, 
regulations and levies protecting the environment, including those relating to carbon emissions, clean water, 
management of hazardous materials and climate change. Compliance with existing and future 
environmental laws, regulations and levies can require significant expenditures, and violations can lead to 
significant fines, penalties and reputational damage. 
In particular, the EU Emissions Trading Scheme ("ETS"), is a cap-and-trade system for CO2 emissions to 
encourage industries to improve their CO2 efficiency. Under the current legislation, airlines are granted 
initial CO2 allowances based on historical performance and a CO2 efficiency benchmark. Under the "Fit for 
55" proposed legislation, the EU ETS allowances will be phased out over the period from 2024 to 2026. 
Any shortage of allowances has to be purchased in the open market and/or at government auctions. The 
cost of such allowances increased significantly during the last three fiscal years. ETS compliance is the 
most material environmental compliance cost for the Group. There can be no assurance that Ryanair will 
be able to obtain sufficient carbon credits or that the cost of the credits will not have a material adverse 
effect on the Company's business, operating results, and financial condition. 
Additionally, the European Commission "ReFuel EU" proposal provides for a Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
("SAF") blending mandate to be implemented. It sets SAF targets of 2 per cent. by 2025, rising to 6 per 
cent. by 2030 and 20 per cent. by 2035. There can be no assurance that sufficient SAF will be available in 
the market for Ryanair to purchase or that the cost of SAF will not have a material adverse effect on 
Ryanair's financial results. 
The Group continues to monitor developments in the setting of UK policies to deliver net zero aviation by 
2050 ("Jet Zero") which could potentially include similar measures to the "Fit for 55" legislation (i.e. SAF 
blending mandates and removal of free ETS allowances). 
Extreme Weather Events Could Affect the Company and Have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Company's Results of Operations 
In 2010 and 2011, a significant portion of the airspace over northern Europe was closed by authorities as a 
result of safety concerns presented by emissions of ash from an Icelandic volcano, which resulted in the 
cancellation of a significant number of flights. 
Extreme weather events may happen again and could lead to further significant flight cancellation costs 
which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
Furthermore, the occurrence of such events and the resulting cancellations due to the closure of airports 
could also have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial performance indirectly, as a 
consequence of changes in the public's willingness to travel within Europe due to the risk of flight 
disruptions. 
The Company is Dependent on the Continued Acceptance of Low-fares Airlines 
In past calendar years, accidents or other safety-related incidents involving certain other low-fares airlines 
have had a negative impact on the public's acceptance of such airlines. Any adverse event potentially 
relating to the safety or reliability of low-fares airlines (including accidents or negative reports from 
regulatory authorities) could adversely impact the public's perception of, and confidence in, low-fares 
airlines like Ryanair (regardless of Ryanair's own safety record) and could have a material adverse effect 
on Ryanair's financial condition and results of operations. In particular, an accident or other safety-related 
incident involving an aircraft operated by another airline of the same model or manufacturer as operated by 
Ryanair could have a material adverse effect on Ryanair if such accident or other safety-related incident 
resulted in actions or investigations by global aviation authorities or created a public perception that 
Ryanair's operations are not safe or reliable or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. Such regulatory 
actions and/or public perceptions could, in turn, result in adverse publicity for Ryanair, cause harm to 
Ryanair's brand and reduce travel demand on Ryanair's flights, resulting in a material adverse effect on the 
Company's financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, see "Risks Related to 
the Company—A Majority of Ryanair's Aircraft and Certain Parts are Sourced from a Single Supplier; 
therefore, Ryanair Would be Materially and Adversely Affected if such Supplier were Unable to Provide 
Additional Equipment or Support" above. 
In addition to safety concerns, a significant increase in consumer concern regarding climate change could 
also lead to a reluctance to fly and could therefore have an adverse effect on Ryanair's financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Company Faces the Risk of Loss and Liability 
Ryanair is exposed to potential catastrophic losses that may be incurred in the event of an aircraft accident 
or terrorist incident. Any such accident or incident could involve costs related to the repair or replacement 
of a damaged aircraft and its consequent temporary or permanent loss from service. In addition, an accident 
or incident could result in significant legal claims against the Company from injured passengers and others 
who experienced injury or property damage as a result of the accident or incident, including ground victims. 
Ryanair currently maintains passenger liability insurance, employer liability insurance, aircraft insurance 
for aircraft loss or damage, and other business insurance in amounts per occurrence that are consistent with 
industry standards.  
Ryanair currently believes its insurance coverage is adequate (although not comprehensive). However, 
there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance coverage will not need to be increased, that insurance 
premiums will not increase significantly, or that Ryanair will not be forced to bear substantial losses from 
any accidents not covered by its insurance. Airline insurance costs increased dramatically following the 
September 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States. See "The Company is Substantially Dependent on 
Discretionary Air Travel" above. Substantial claims resulting from an accident in excess of related 
insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and 
financial condition. Moreover, any aircraft accident, even if fully insured, could lead to the public 
perception that Ryanair's aircraft were less safe or reliable than those operated by other airlines, which 
could have a material adverse effect on Ryanair's business.   
Regulation (EC) No 2027/97, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 889/2002, governs air carrier liability. 
See "Description of Ryanair—Insurance" for details of this regulation. This regulation increased the 
potential liability exposure of air carriers such as Ryanair. Although Ryanair has extended its liability 
insurance to meet the requirements of the regulation, no assurance can be given that other laws, regulations, 
or policies will not be applied, modified or amended in a manner that has a material adverse effect on 
Ryanair's business, operating results, and financial condition. 
Airline Industry Margins are Subject to Significant Uncertainty 
The airline industry is capital intensive and is characterised by high fixed costs and by revenues that 
generally exhibit substantially greater elasticity than costs. Although fuel accounted for approximately 43 
per cent.  of total operating expenses in fiscal year 2023 and approximately 33 per cent. in fiscal year 2022,

--- Page 28 ---
20 
management anticipates that these percentages may vary significantly in future years. See "Risks Related 
to the Company—Changes in Fuel Costs and Availability Affect the Company's Results" above. The 
operating costs of each flight do not vary significantly with the number of passengers flown, and therefore, 
a relatively small change in the number of passengers, fare pricing, or traffic mix could have a 
disproportionate effect on operating and financial results. Accordingly, a relatively minor shortfall from 
expected revenue levels could have a material adverse effect on the Company's growth or financial 
performance. The very low marginal costs incurred for providing services to passengers occupying 
otherwise unsold seats are also a factor in the industry's high susceptibility to price discounting. See "Risks 
Related to the Company—The Company Faces Significant Price and Other Pressures in a Highly 
Competitive Environment" above. 
Safety-Related Undertakings Could Affect the Company's Results 
Aviation authorities in Europe and the United States periodically require or suggest that airlines implement 
certain safety-related modifications and/or procedures on their aircraft. In recent calendar years, the FAA 
and EASA have required a number of such modifications and/or procedures with regard to Boeing 737 
aircraft, including major modifications to implement changes to the take-off configuration warning lights, 
cabin pressurisation system, pitot system heating, CFM fan blade non-destructive testing (NDT) on certain 
production CFM-56 engines, fuel tank boost pump electrical arcing protection, the European Commission's 
Datalink mandate and changes implemented following the grounding of the Boeing 737-MAX-8 aircraft 
due to safety concerns in March 2019 (the delivery of Boeing 737-8200 aircraft ordered from Boeing was 
delayed until June 2021 as a result of these changes). Ryanair's policy is to implement any required safety 
procedures in accordance with FAA and EASA guidance and to perform such procedures in close 
collaboration with Boeing. 
In 2019, the FAA and EASA implemented a regular inspection requirement of the aircraft pickle fork for 
all aircraft above certain mandated cycles and this inspection requirement will continue and may become 
more stringent. To date, all such procedures have been conducted as part of Ryanair's standard maintenance 
programme and have not interrupted flight schedules nor required any material increases in Ryanair's 
maintenance expenses. However, there can be no assurance that the FAA and EASA or other regulatory 
authorities will not recommend or require other safety-related undertakings or that such undertakings would 
not adversely impact Ryanair's operating results or financial condition.  
There also can be no assurance that new regulations will not be implemented in the future that would apply 
to Ryanair's aircraft and result in an increase in Ryanair's cost of maintenance, delays in the delivery of 
aircraft or other costs beyond management's current estimates. In addition, should Ryanair's aircraft cease 
to be sufficiently reliable or should any public perception develop that Ryanair's aircraft are less than 
completely reliable, Ryanair's business could be materially adversely affected. 
State Aid to the Company's Competitors Could Adversely Affect its Results 
In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, several European governments chose to support their flag carrier 
airlines with state aid through recapitalisations, loans, loan guarantees and other measures. As at 30 June 
2023, the European Commission has authorised over €40 billion in such aid to approximately 20 airlines. 
Ryanair believes that aid that includes a nationality condition is discriminatory and therefore unlawful under 
EU law and has challenged several of the European Commission's aid approvals in the General Court. The 
General Court overturned the European Commission's approvals in three cases (KLM, Condor and TAP); 
however, the European Commission subsequently re-approved the same or similar quantum of aid to each 
of these airlines. The General Court upheld the European Commission's approvals in  other cases, some of 
which Ryanair has appealed to the European Court of Justice. The result of these appeals is uncertain. First 
judgments from the European Court of Justice are likely in 2023. In May 2023, the General Court allowed 
the Company's appeals of state aid through recapitalisation to Lufthansa (from Germany) and SAS (from 
Sweden and Denmark), and an Italian state aid scheme limited to Italian licensed airlines. The European 
Commission is required to take new decisions in each of these cases and may re-approve the aid. The 
European Commission, relevant EU member state or relevant airline may also appeal the General Court 
judgments to the European Court of Justice. Ryanair's competitors may use the aid to offer below cost 
prices in the market, which could negatively impact the Company's business and operations.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued and for 
which there is such a market). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and/or Guarantor. Although 
application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of 
any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes and, therefore, any prospective purchaser should be 
prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity or final redemption of such Notes.  In addition, liquidity may 
be limited if the Notes are offered to a limited number of investors. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor would be obliged to increase the amounts payable 
in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Ireland and or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option or obligation in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may 
choose or may be obligated to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively 
low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
holders of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer and payment with the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes (in Classic Global 
Note form or in New Global Note form) or Global Registered Notes (which may or may not be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS")). Such Global Notes and Global Registered Notes will be deposited 
(in the case of a New Global Note or NSS) with a common safekeeper, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (in all other cases) with a common depositary, as the case may be. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Registered Note, holders of the Notes will 
not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes or Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global registered Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, holders of the 
Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Registered Notes, the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the 
order of a common depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or 
Global Registered Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has any responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the 
Global Registered Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered Notes will not have a direct 
right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
Notes in New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form 
The New Global Note and New Safekeeping Structure form has been introduced to allow for the possibility 
of debt instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible 
collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However in 
any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at 
the relevant time. There can be no assurance that Notes that are intended to satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria will in fact do so. Notwithstanding any statement in the relevant Final Terms relating to an issue of 
Notes, investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined below) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such Specified Denomination. In such case a Noteholder (as defined below) who, as a 
result of trading such amount, holds a principal amount not an integral amount of such Specified 
Denomination may not receive a Note in definitive form corresponding to such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to 
an integral multiple of such Specified Denomination. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significant lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes, the Conditions, the amended and restated deed of guarantee 
governed by English law dated 27 July 2023 (the "English Law Deed of Guarantee"), the amended and 
restated deed of guarantee governed by Irish law dated 27 July 2023 (the "Irish Law Deed of Guarantee"), 
the amended and restated deed of covenant governed by English law dated 27 July 2023 (the "English Law 
Deed of Covenant") and the amended and restated deed of covenant governed by Irish law dated 27 July 
2023 (the "Irish Law Deed of Covenant", and together with the English Law Deed of Covenant, the 
"Deeds of Covenant") may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
correct a manifest error.  
Interest Rate Risk 
The Notes may bear interest at a fixed rate. Investment in fixed rate notes involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the fixed rate notes. If interest rates start 
to rise then the income to be paid by the fixed rate Notes might become less attractive and the price upon 
any sale of such Notes could fall.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
Conflicts of Interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the terms of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
benchmarks 
The Euro zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks 
are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented (see "Certain 
benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future" below). These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the EU and the UK, respectively. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a 
benchmark, such as the Floating Rate Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor

--- Page 32 ---
24 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in 
the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to 
develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free 
rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of 
material respects and have a limited history  
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the 
Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and 
therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR 
began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related index  
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Guarantor in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 (set out on pages 154 to 215 
and 49 to 56, respectively, of the 31 March 2022 annual report of the Guarantor) which can be 
viewed online at https://investor.ryanair.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Ryanair-2022-Annual-
Report.pdf and the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon 
and notes thereto) of the Guarantor in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023 (set out on pages 
157 to 225 of the 31 March 2023 annual report of the Guarantor) which can be viewed online at 
https://investor.ryanair.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Ryanair-2023-Annual-Report.pdf; 
2. 
the unaudited interim financial statements of the Guarantor for the quarter ended 30 June 2023 
(set out on pages 5 to 22 of the unaudited interim financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2023) which can be viewed online at https://investor.ryanair.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/Q1-FY24-Ryanair-Results.pdf 
(the 
"Unaudited 
Condensed 
Consolidated Quarterly Financial Statements"); 
3. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 38 to 65 of the base prospectus dated 14 
August 2015 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c8b9acea-3c82-4458-858c-
075b1d9f9ed9.PDF; 
4. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30-55 of the base prospectus dated 3 August 
2016 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b539e802-0ae1-4f4d-b71e-721c1b9327cf.PDF; 
5. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30-55 of the base prospectus dated 27 July 
2017 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus_c4f3b23f-0889-4a2a-ac81-
e49f7816fef4.PDF; 
6. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 30 to 58 of the base prospectus dated 1 
August 2018 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1bf50e5b-5dfd-4ff3-bbcd-6cb5d6fe0855.PDF; 
7. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 33 to 61 of the base prospectus dated 2 
August 2019 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/d0b5b6a6-8c50-4989-95f8-49bc273fdff8.PDF; 
8. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 35 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 31 
July 2020 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6c97185f-a07a-4307-a07c-f6a3fb40ff43.PDF;  
9. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 34 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 30 
July 2021 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/afe9f60d-3cfa-4b37-8e23-b48a47ac1f3c.PDF; and 
10. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 35 to 77 of the base prospectus dated 26 
July 2022 which can be viewed online at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/5de644c6-35f1-4588-8b4e-0bd4b5af1c31.PDF. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Guarantor and the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent and also at https://investor.ryanair.com/results-centre/. Any information 
contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material  
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types 
of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have included in this 
Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference 
in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted in the case of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or on another market or stock exchange, 
or are to be unlisted, by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-US beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-US beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-US beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-US beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If:

--- Page 38 ---
30 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or others may have under the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as 
applicable). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.  
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the 
due date for payment,

--- Page 39 ---
31 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as 
applicable). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-US beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-US beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as 
applicable). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs:

--- Page 40 ---
32 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the 
due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as applicable). 
Rights under Deeds of Covenant 
Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes (unless subject to TEFRA C selling restrictions) having a 
maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 41 ---
33 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary 
legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be 
held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that 
registered debt securities in global registered form held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in 
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
An Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and

--- Page 42 ---
34 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (or any other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interest in the Notes 
(each an "Accountholder") shall acquire under the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed 
of Covenant, as applicable, rights of enforcement against the Issuer ("Direct Rights") to compel the Issuer 
to perform its obligations to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in respect of the Notes represented 
by the Global Registered Note, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any 
time in respect of such Notes in accordance with the Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by 
the Conditions) been duly presented and surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note 
may have under the Global Registered Note or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Registered 
Note in respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute a discharge of the  
Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of 
Covenant, as applicable, to the extent of any such payment and nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige 
the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order of any person other than the Holder of 
the Global Registered Note. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder, such Accountholder shall, as soon as 
practicable, give notice of such exercise to the Holders of the Notes of the same Series in the manner 
provided for in the Conditions or the Global Registered Note for notices to be given by the Issuer to 
Noteholders. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State or in the United Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in 
this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes will complete the information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Ryanair DAC (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €6,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the "Notes") guaranteed by Ryanair Holdings plc (the 
"Guarantor").  
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and 
paying agency agreement dated 27 July 2023 as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank 
Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor 
registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Guarantee: The English Law Notes are the subject of an amended and restated 
deed of guarantee governed by English law dated 27 July 2023 (the "English Law Deed 
of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor and the Irish Law Notes are the subject of 
an amended and restated deed of guarantee governed by Irish law dated 27 July 2023 (the 
"Irish Law Deed of Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor. The term Deed of 
Guarantee is used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to the English Law Deed of 
Guarantee or the Irish Law Deed of Guarantee, as the context requires, and the term Deeds 
of Guarantee refers to both of them. 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes in relation to English Law Notes 
are constituted by an amended and restated deed of covenant governed by English law 
dated 27 July 2023 (the "English Law Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
Registered Notes in relation to Irish Law Notes are constituted by an amended and restated 
deed of covenant governed by Irish law dated 27 July 2023 (the "Irish Law Deed of 
Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. The term Deed of Covenant is used in these Terms

--- Page 44 ---
36 
and Conditions to refer to the English Law Deed of Covenant or the Irish Law Deed of 
Covenant, as the context requires, and the term Deeds of Covenant refers to both of them. 
(f) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Guarantor and the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their 
detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and 
the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of 
Guarantee and the Deeds of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified 
Offices of which are set out below. 
(h) 
Documents available for viewing: Copies of the Agency Agreement, Deeds of Covenant, 
the programme manual in relation to the Programme (which contains the forms of the 
Notes in global and definitive form) and the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered 
into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to 
the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note 
form) are available for viewing at the registered office of the Guarantor and the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
relevant Final Terms, any weekday that is a US Government Securities Business

--- Page 45 ---
37 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;  
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in 
respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 46 ---
38 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 47 ---
39 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 48 ---
40 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms; 
"English Law Note" means any Note where "Governing Law" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "English Law"; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any 
person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means Ryanair Holdings plc and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the 
Deed of Guarantee; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer − Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
− Title to Registered Notes);

--- Page 49 ---
41 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 120 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"Irish Law Note" means any Note where "Governing Law" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "Irish Law"; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
which has a total income representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total income 
of the Group, total revenue representing 10 per cent. or more of the total revenue of the 
Group, or total assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of 
the Group, in each case calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the then 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Group;

--- Page 50 ---
42 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer − Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer − Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 51 ---
43 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, or €STR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Other than in the case of US dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which 
the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term 
Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or 
further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented 
by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument 
which is, or is intended to be listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market);

--- Page 52 ---
44 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws 
of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, or are Registered Notes, references 
to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to 
the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to 
include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached 
to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 53 ---
45 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions) 
to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant 
Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is 
"not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall 
be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of 
Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant 
to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the 
case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" 
and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be 
issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note 
Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name 
such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in 
the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the 
endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. In the case of English Law Notes, no 
person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered 
Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred 
and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) 
above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate 
of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at 
its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or 
(at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail 
if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations. 
 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. This Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at 
least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application.

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will, create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets 
or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness other than a Permitted Security Interest without (a) at the same time or prior 
thereto securing the Notes or the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes or the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Guarantee as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means 
(a) 
any Security Interest which directly or indirectly secures any aircraft or aircraft equipment 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Issuer's or Guarantor's Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on property at the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Issuer's or Guarantor's Subsidiaries, provided that 
such Security Interest was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such 
acquisition and that the amount secured by such Security Interest is not increased 
subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant property. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments − Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 
(Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) 
shall apply to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such 
Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified therein.  The relevant amount of interest payable 
in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The 
Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter.   If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once it has received the aforementioned notification 
from the Calculation Agent, notify such exchange of the same as soon as possible after 
such receipt and no later than the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 
(Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation  is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;

--- Page 57 ---
49 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable,  is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation  is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
50 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
shall be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C)  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 59 ---
51 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; and 
(iv) 
unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
SONIA (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". Where "SONIA" is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in:

--- Page 60 ---
52 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day.  The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be:

--- Page 61 ---
53 
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if it is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
SOFR (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". Where "SOFR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f).  
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a US Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any US Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not US Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such US Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
US Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(i) below will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula

--- Page 62 ---
54 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
𝐷
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ 𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of US Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant US 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
US Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" US Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" US Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any US Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such US Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following US 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" US Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" US Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" US Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of US 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation 
Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, 
five US Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 63 ---
55 
"SOFR" with respect to any US Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such US 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following US Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 7(f)(i) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does 
not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding US Government Securities Business Day 
for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the US Government Securities Business Day falling "p" US 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant US 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant US Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in US government securities. 
(i) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time (as defined 
below) that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below) and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined below) have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement (as defined below) 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as defined below) from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Notes or any other party.  
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f)(i):

--- Page 64 ---
56 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement;   
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for US dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for US dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator

--- Page 65 ---
57 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 66 ---
58 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
7(f)(i) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(f); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
€STR (Screen Rate Determination): This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". Where "€STR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR௜ ×  𝑛௜
D
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 67 ---
59 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the

--- Page 68 ---
60 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is 
required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination): This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡  −
1൰ 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);

--- Page 69 ---
61 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, US Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards);  
"Relevant Number of Index Days" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 3:00 
p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index 
Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(e) (SONIA (Screen 
Rate Determination)) or Condition 7(f) (SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), as 
applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation 
Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and 
where the Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(e) (SONIA 
(Screen Rate Determination)) or Condition 7(f) (SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)) (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number of Index Days 
specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the 
provisions of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 70 ---
62 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 48 hours 
after the date of determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due 
and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be 
determined by reference to any of Conditions 7(e) (SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 
7(f) (SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(g) (€STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 
7(h) (SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the 
Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser): Other than in the case of a US dollar-
denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "SOFR", if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 7(n)(iii)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 7(n) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, 
liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(ii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and 
all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition

--- Page 71 ---
63 
7(n)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the 
relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7(n)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 7(n)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. If there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate shall be the initial Reference Rate which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period  had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date plus the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment 
pursuant to this Condition 7(n)(iv) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only.  
Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(n). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(n); and

--- Page 72 ---
64 
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such 
changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
further enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
As used in this Condition 7(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
Specified Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing

--- Page 73 ---
65 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date;  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 74 ---
66 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 10 (Payments − Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – 
Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as not being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of 
Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of 
the Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12
 
 (Taxation) on the Guarantee of the Notes 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Republic of Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding 
by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 75 ---
67 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days, or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due; or 
2. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the 
Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so 
to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part 
in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call: If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, and if, at any time, (other than following a redemption of some but not 
all of the relevant Series of Notes at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) at an Optional Redemption Amount (Call) that is 
greater than the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)) the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the 
same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all 
(but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any 
Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the

--- Page 76 ---
68 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
(which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 
9(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition  
may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been 
given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent 
in accordance with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control: This Condition 9(g) is applicable to the Notes only if Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, whereupon, 
if at any time while the Notes remain outstanding a Change of Control (as defined below) 
occurs and within the Change of Control Period a Downgrade (as defined below) of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of that Change of Control occurs and that Downgrade is 
expressed by the Rating Agencies to be due, in whole or in part, to the Change of Control 
(an "Early Redemption Event"), the Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, will: 
(i) 
immediately after becoming aware of the Early Redemption Event, 
publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices); 
and 
(ii) 
determine and publish pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices) the effective 
date for the purposes of this subparagraph (the "Effective Date").  
The Effective Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days 
after publication of the notice regarding the Early Redemption Event pursuant to 
subparagraph (g)(i). 
If the Issuer, or, as relevant, the Guarantor, has published a notice regarding an Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (g)(ii), any Noteholder may, at its option, by 
submitting a redemption notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (the "Early 
Redemption Notice"), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of any 
or all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at 
their principal amount, plus interest accrued on their principal amount until (but excluding) 
the Effective Date. Each Early Redemption Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent 
not less than 10 days prior to the Effective Date. 
Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made by means of a written notice to be delivered 
to the Fiscal Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Noteholder's 
depository bank that such Holder at the time of such written notice is the holder of the 
relevant Notes. Early Redemption Notices shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 77 ---
69 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time during the Change of Control Period a 
Reinstatement (as defined below) occurs, any Early Redemption Notices received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or after the calendar day following the date on which the Early 
Redemption Cancellation Notice (as defined below) is published may be disregarded at 
the Issuer's sole discretion. Immediately after becoming aware of a Reinstatement, the 
Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, will publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to 
Condition 19 (Notices), specifying that such Reinstatement has occurred and that the 
option of the Noteholders to demand from the Issuer redemption of any or all of its Notes 
as of the Effective Date has been terminated (an "Early Redemption Cancellation 
Notice"). For the avoidance of doubt, where the Fiscal Agent has received a valid Early 
Redemption Notice prior to the calendar day following the date of the Early Redemption 
Cancellation Notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the relevant Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 9(g). 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group, acting in concert, gains Control of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Control" means (i) any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership of, or any direct 
or indirect legal or beneficial entitlement to, in the aggregate, more than 50 per cent. of 
the ordinary shares of the Issuer or the Guarantor, the right to directly or indirectly appoint 
a majority of the directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other ability to control the 
affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (ii) in the event of a tender offer for shares of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, circumstances where (A) the shares already in the control of the 
offeror and the shares with respect to which the offer has been accepted carry in aggregate 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer or, as relevant, the Guarantor, and 
(B) at the same time the offer has become unconditional, or (iii) the disposal or transfer 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor of all or substantially all of its assets to another person or 
other persons. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier 
of (1) the date of the first public announcement of a Change of Control; and (2) the date 
of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement and ending 90 days after the 
Change of Control. 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any actual or potential bidder relating to any 
potential Change of Control where within 180 days of the date of such announcement or 
statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
A "Downgrade" occurs if the solicited credit ratings assigned to the Issuer's or the 
Guarantor's long-term unsecured debt : (i) were rated at or above BBB- (in the case of 
Standard & Poor's and Fitch) or Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) at the start of the Change 
of Control Period, and are downgraded below BBB- (in the case of Standard & Poor's and 
Fitch) or Baa3 (in the case of Moody's); (ii) were rated below BBB- (in the case of 
Standard & Poor's and Fitch) or Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) at the start of the Change 
of Control Period, and are downgraded by at least one full rating notch; or (iii) are 
withdrawn or cease to be assigned (other than temporarily). 
"Rating Agencies" means each of the rating agencies of Fitch Ratings ("Fitch"), Moody's 
Investors Service ("Moody's") or Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. ("Standard & Poor's") and their respective successors to their ratings 
business. 
A "Reinstatement" occurs if within the Change of Control Period any one or more of the 
Rating Agencies subsequently upgrade (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstate (in the 
case of a withdrawal or cessation) such credit rating(s): (A) in the case of part (i) of the 
definition of Downgrade, to at least BBB- (in the case of Standard & Poor's and Fitch) or 
Baa3 (in the case of Moody's); or (B) in the case of parts (ii) and (iii) of the definition of 
Downgrade, to the credit rating(s) assigned at the start of the Change of Control Period or 
better.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above, or through purchase and cancellation in 
accordance with paragraphs (j) and (k) below. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all 
unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with 
them may at their option be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
Payments − Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in Condition 10(a) (Payments – Bearer Notes – Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the US 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation))

--- Page 79 ---
71 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) (Payments – Bearer Notes – Payments in New 
York City)).

--- Page 80 ---
72 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any 
Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 
(Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11  is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of Registered Notes are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of 
payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect 
of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment 
Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after 
the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant 
Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, 
the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Ireland or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which 
such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(iii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering 
such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Ireland in respect of payments made by it of 
principal or interest on the Notes and Coupons, references in these Conditions to the 
Republic of Ireland shall be construed as references to the Republic of Ireland and/or such 
other jurisdiction. 
 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: default is made in the payment of any amount of principal or any amount 
of interest in respect of the Notes on the due date for payment thereof and the default 
continues for a period of 30 days in the case of principal or interest; or

--- Page 82 ---
74 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee 
of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross default: any present or future financial indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their Material Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, other 
than the Notes and any moneys borrowed or raised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their Material Subsidiaries from any other member of the Group, shall not be paid when it 
shall become due and payable on its stated maturity date (following the giving of such 
notice, if any, as required under the document governing such indebtedness and as 
extended by any applicable grace period) or becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of the occurrence of any default or event of default, or the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any present or future guarantees for, or indemnity in respect of, any such 
financial indebtedness (other than in respect of any such guarantee or indemnity granted 
in favour of any other member of the Group) unless: (i) the aggregate amount of all such 
financial indebtedness or guarantees or indemnities is less than €100,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currencies; or (ii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is disputing in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings that such financial indebtedness is due or such guarantees or indemnities are 
callable, in which event such default shall not constitute an event of default hereunder so 
long as the dispute shall not have been finally adjudicated against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of their Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (which is not being disputed 
in good faith by appropriate proceedings) for the payment of any amount is rendered 
against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and 
continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if 
later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other 
similar officer is appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an 
administrator, examiner or liquidator is appointed (or application or petition for any such 
appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, (iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries takes any action 
for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or 
an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business, in the case 
of (iii) or (iv) above other than in the case of a solvent reorganisation; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Ireland has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in Condition 13(d) (Events of Default 
– Unsatisfied Judgement) to Condition 13(g) (Events of Default – Winding up etc); or 
(i) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor 
not to be) in full force and effect,

--- Page 83 ---
75 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and 
payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further 
action or formality. 
In the case of an Event of Default occurring in relation to a Material Subsidiary, the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor will, following the publication of the consolidated financial statements of the 
Guarantor, promptly notify Noteholders that such Event of Default has occurred. All such 
notifications will be made in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent 
or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe), or via the Companies 
Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin if so required. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe, or via the

--- Page 85 ---
77 
Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin if so required. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by (i) in the case of an English Law Note, English 
law or (ii) in the case of an Irish Law Note, Irish law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  (i) In the case of English Law Notes, the courts of England have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the 
English Law Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the English Law Notes); and (ii) in the case of Irish Law Notes, the courts 
of Ireland have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute rising out of or in connection 
with the Irish Law Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Irish Law Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: (i) In the case of English Law Notes, the Issuer agrees that the courts 
of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, 
accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and (ii) in the case of Irish Law Notes, 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of Ireland are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agree that the documents which 
start any Proceedings in England and any other documents required to be served in relation 
to those Proceedings in England may be served on it by being delivered to Ryanair UK 
Limited at Enterprise House, 2nd Floor, Bassingbourn Road, London Stansted Airport, 
England, CM24 1QW, or to such other person with an address in England and/or at such 
other address in England as the Issuer or Guarantor respectively may specify by notice in 
writing to the Noteholders.

--- Page 86 ---
78 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom ("UK") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the [United Kingdom ("UK")][UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA")][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
"SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets products other than

--- Page 87 ---
79 
prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
RYANAIR DAC 
Legal Entity Identifier Code: 635400WKFIPCHCKVW376 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
RYANAIR HOLDINGS PLC 
Legal Entity Identifier Code: 635400BR2ROC1FVEBQ56 
under the €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 27 July 2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document [constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and]1 must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all relevant information. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [29 May 2014]/[14 August 2015]/[3 August 2016]/[27 
July 2017] /[1 August 2018]/[2 August 2019]/[31 July 2020]/[30 July 2021]/[26 July 2022]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and, save in respect of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 27 July 
2023 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [•]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus"). The Base 
Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Conditions 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]2 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing [at 
[https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies 
may be obtained from [address]]. 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Ryanair DAC 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Ryanair Holdings plc 
 
1 To be deleted if Notes are unlisted and/or Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.  
2 To be deleted if Notes are unlisted and/or Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 88 ---
80 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[•] and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof [up to and including [•]]. No notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [•]]. 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]3 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[•][•] 
EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/ 
SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded Index/€STR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below – see 
"Provisions relating to Interest (if any) 
payable") 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
3 No Notes may be issued with a maturity of less than a year under this Programme.

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The 
placeholder here should reflect the name 
ascribed to any "event risk" put in the 
Conditions) 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below – see 
"Provisions relating to redemption")] 
13. 
(i) 
Governing law: 
[English Law] / [Irish Law] 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(iii) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
 
(iv) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee respectively 
obtained: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
 
(vi)        [Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year] 
 
(vii)      Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 10(f) (Payments – Bearer Notes – 
Unmatured Coupons void) is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)          Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified

--- Page 90 ---
82 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[[Fiscal Agent]/[an institution other than the 
Fiscal Agent] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•]  
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR//€STR] 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [•] TARGET Settlement Days/US 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [•] TARGET Settlement Days/US 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
 
D:  
[360/365/[•]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[•] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number of Index Days 
shall be 5) 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition  
7(e), 7(f)  or 7(g)) [•] [London Banking 
Days/US Government Securities Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index / GBP SONIA 
/ GBP 
SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions).  These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant 
where the Floating Rate Option is a risk free 
rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-  
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days:  
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
[Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be 
less than zero] / [The Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall not be less than [•] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
18. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Residual Call): 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(ii)  
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
[Maximum Period: [•] days / Not Applicable] 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (The placeholder 
here should reflect the name ascribed to any 
"event risk" put in the Conditions) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
[Not Applicable]/[•]

--- Page 94 ---
86 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
 
 
(ii) 
(Notice period on redemption for tax 
reasons (if different from Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons)): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / [Not 
Applicable – in line with Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options as specified above and in the 
Conditions should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: 
 
 
"[EUR100,000] and integral multiples of 
[EUR1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [EUR199,000]") 
24. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of RYANAIR DAC: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 95 ---
87 
Signed on behalf of RYANAIR HOLDINGS PLC: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
88 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on its 
regulated market with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued [have not been]/[have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[S&P Global Rating's Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd: [•]] 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if previously published by the ratings 
provider.]  
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered 
in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA")]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity

--- Page 97 ---
89 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on the [ESMA] website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
has not applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the [ESMA] website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered 
in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the [FCA's] website. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended. (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by 
a CRA which is established and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under 
the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA or in the United Kingdom and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable. 
3. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Names and addresses of 
Managers and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and 
of the placing commission: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[[TEFRA C]/TEFRA D] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should

--- Page 99 ---
91 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(vii)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
(iv) 
[CFI Code: 
 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available]] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, SA and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Give 
name(s) 
and 
address(es)]

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
(vi) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes held under NSS structure] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
9. 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
10. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of UK Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the 
UK, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Use of proceeds: 
[Per the Base Prospectus/[•]]

--- Page 102 ---
94 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for 
so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of 
a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or 
common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner 
in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the 
Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Conditions 9(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase − Redemption at the option of Noteholders) and 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase – Change of 
Control) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within

--- Page 103 ---
95 
the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice 
of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such 
option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase − Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
DESCRIPTION OF RYANAIR 
Introduction 
The Guarantor was incorporated on 5 June 1996 as a holding company for Ryanair Designated Activity 
Company ("Ryanair DAC") (previously called Ryanair Limited). Ryanair DAC was incorporated on 28 
November 1984. Ryanair DAC operates a low fare, scheduled-passenger airline serving short-haul, point-
to-point routes mainly within Europe. In fiscal year 2019, the Company set up Buzz, formally known as 
Ryanair Sun, (a Polish charter and scheduled passenger airline with a Polish AOC), and acquired Lauda (a 
Maltese wet lease provider to the Group with a Maltese AOC), and set-up Ryanair UK (with a UK AOC). 
In fiscal year 2020, Malta Air became the fifth airline in the Group. Each of Buzz, Lauda, Malta Air, 
Ryanair DAC and Ryanair UK are wholly owned airlines within the Group. As of 30 June 2023, Ryanair 
had a principal fleet of 530 Boeing 737 aircraft and 28 Airbus A320 aircraft. As of 21 July 2023, the Group 
offered over 3,000 short-haul flights per day serving approximately 230 airports largely throughout Europe, 
the Middle East and North Africa. See "Route System and Scheduling" below for more details of Ryanair's 
route network. As used herein, the term "Ryanair Holdings" refers to Ryanair Holdings plc. The term the 
"Company" refers to Ryanair DAC or Ryanair Holdings together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as the 
context requires. The term "Ryanair" refers to Ryanair DAC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ryanair 
Holdings, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
Ryanair Holdings recorded a profit after taxation of €1,314 million in the 2023 fiscal year, as compared 
with a loss of €241 million in the 2022 fiscal year. This movement was primarily attributable to a 74 per 
cent. increase in traffic at higher average fares (due to continued recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic) 
and favourable jet fuel price hedges. Ryanair generated an average booked passenger load factor of 
approximately 93 per cent. in fiscal year 2023, compared to 82 per cent. in fiscal year 2022 and total revenue 
increased by 124 per cent. to €10.78 billion in fiscal year 2023, up from €4.80 billion in fiscal year 2022. 
Management believes that the market's acceptance of Ryanair's low-fares service is reflected in the "Ryanair 
Effect" – Ryanair's history of stimulating significant annual passenger traffic growth on the routes where it 
commences service. Fiscal year 2023 scheduled revenue grew over 160 per cent. to €6.93 billion. Ryanair's 
financial results in Q1 2023 were weakened as traffic was badly impacted by Russia's invasion of Ukraine 
in February 2022, however strong travel demand throughout the remainder of fiscal year 2023 saw traffic 
rise 74 per cent. at higher fares. Total pre-exceptional operating costs rose 75 per cent. to €9.33 billion, 
driven by higher fuel costs (offset by favorable fuel price hedges and improved fuel burn as more Boeing 
737-8200 "Gamechangers" entered the fleet), crew pay restoration and the aforementioned 74 per cent. 
growth in passenger traffic. Excluding fuel operating costs rose 54 per cent., which was well below traffic 
growth, and unit costs (excluding fuel) were €31. Fuel price hedging contributed significantly to the final 
fiscal year 2023 profit outcome, saving the Group over €1.4 billion. 
Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair are each domiciled in Ireland and operate subject to the Companies Act 2014 
(as amended) of Ireland. The address of each of Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair is: Ryanair Dublin Office, 
Airside Business Park, Swords, County Dublin, K67 NY94, Republic of Ireland. The telephone number is 
+353-1-945-1212. The registered number of Ryanair Holdings is 249885 and the registered number of 
Ryanair is 104547. 
Strategy 
Ryanair's objective is to establish itself as Europe's largest scheduled passenger airline group in a 
disciplined and sustainable manner, through continued improvements and expanded offerings of its low-
fares service. Ryanair offers low fares that generate increased passenger traffic while maintaining a 
continuous focus on cost-containment and operating efficiencies. The key elements of Ryanair's long-term 
strategy are: 
Low Fares 
Ryanair's low fares are designed to stimulate demand, particularly from fare-conscious leisure and business 
travellers who might otherwise use alternative forms of transportation or choose not to travel at all. Ryanair 
sells seats on a one-way basis, thus eliminating minimum stay requirements from all travel on Ryanair 
scheduled services. Ryanair sets fares on the basis of the demand for particular flights and by reference to 
the period remaining to the date of departure of the flight, with higher fares typically charged on flights

--- Page 105 ---
97 
with higher levels of demand and for bookings made nearer to the date of departure. Ryanair also 
periodically runs special promotional fare campaigns. See "Widely Available Low Fares" below.  
Customer Service 
Ryanair's strategy is to deliver the best customer service performance in its peer group. Ryanair delivers 
industry leading punctuality and cancelled significantly fewer flights last fiscal year (less than 1 per cent.) 
compared to its peer group. Ryanair achieves this by focusing strongly on the execution of these services. 
Ryanair conducts a daily conference call with airport personnel at each of its base airports, during which 
the reasons for each "first wave" flight delay and baggage short shipment are discussed in detail and logged 
to ensure that the root cause is identified and rectified. Subsequent (consequential) delays and short 
shipments are investigated by Ryanair ground operations personnel. During fiscal year 2022, Ryanair 
became the first in the industry to launch a "Day of Travel" assistant in the Ryanair app (the "App") 
informing passengers about such things as their allocated gate, time through security, bag drop and pick up 
and, importantly, keeping them up to date with messages and videos in relation to any delay incurred. This 
feature in the App has supported Ryanair's endeavours to keep customers informed at every stage of their 
journey.  
Ryanair has an ongoing commitment to improving customer satisfaction across the customer journey and 
this is measured by regular post flight customer satisfaction ("CSAT") surveys and online "mystery-
passenger" checks. Every passenger who flies with Ryanair can rate their flying experience. Last fiscal 
year, Ryanair's strong operational resilience during the summer period resulted in the Group's CSAT score 
reaching over 85 per cent, with "crew friendliness" being the top score (rated over 95 per cent). 
Ryanair continued the success of the "We're Listening" initiative launched in 2021 by recruiting 12 new 
panellists to the Ryanair Customer Panel (representing 10 countries). The first Customer Panel workshop 
was held in Dublin in September 2022 with a follow up in Madrid in May 2023. These events help Ryanair 
to evaluate the new technology it plans to launch and informs management on improvements they need to 
make to the website, mobile applications and customer communications. In fiscal year 2023, Ryanair 
improved the performance of its Help Center, launched 40 per cent. more content in its website FAQs, 
enhanced its website search functionality and improved disruptions communications on the day of travel 
through the App as described above. 
In fiscal year 2023, 3 million passengers travelling with Ryanair required additional assistance. Ryanair 
officially recognises the Hidden Disabilities sunflower symbol and the benefits it brings to its customers 
and all its inflight and ground operations staff are trained to provide an additional level of support to the 
travelling passengers wearing the symbol. Ryanair is also working with various consumer agencies in 
UK/Ireland, Spain, and Italy on improving pre-booking assistance for persons with reduced mobility.  
For those passengers that have difficulty accessing Ryanair's website, Ryanair operates voice recognition 
software in partnership with "Amazon Alexa". Customers who are sight impaired or who cannot use a 
keyboard or phone key pad can access the Ryanair Help Centre through Amazon Alexa. Amazon Alexa 
will relay to customers and/or App users all the relevant information contained in Ryanair's Help Centre. 
Frequent Point-to-Point Flights on Short-Haul Routes 
Ryanair provides frequent point-to-point service on short-haul routes. In the 2023 fiscal year, Ryanair flew 
an average route length of approximately 766 miles and an average flight duration of approximately 2.2 
hours. Short-haul routes allow Ryanair to offer its low fares and frequent service, while eliminating the 
need to provide unnecessary "frills", like free in-flight meals and movies, otherwise expected by customers 
on longer flights. Point-to-point flying (as opposed to hub-and-spoke service) allows Ryanair to offer direct, 
non-stop routes and avoid the costs of providing "through service", for connecting passengers, including 
baggage transfer and transit passenger assistance. 
Low Operating Costs 
Management believes that Ryanair's operating costs are among the lowest of any European scheduled-
passenger airline. Ryanair strives to reduce or control four of the primary expenses involved in running a 
major scheduled airline group: (i) aircraft equipment and finance costs; (ii) personnel costs; (iii) customer 
service costs; and (iv) airport access and handling costs:

--- Page 106 ---
98 
Aircraft Equipment and Finance Costs 
Ryanair currently operates mainly Boeing 737s. The operation of primarily a single aircraft type enables 
Ryanair to limit the costs associated with personnel training, maintenance, and the purchase and storage of 
spare parts while also affording the Company greater flexibility in the scheduling of crews and equipment. 
Management also believes that the terms of Ryanair's contracts with Boeing are favourable to Ryanair. The 
strength of Ryanair's balance sheet and cashflows also enables the Group to lease aircraft at competitive 
rates (such as the 28 A320s leased by Lauda). See "Boeing Aircraft" and "Airbus Aircraft" below for 
additional information on Ryanair's fleet. The Company has a BBB+ (stable outlook) credit rating from 
both S&P and Fitch (see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—The Company Will Incur 
Significant Costs Acquiring New Aircraft and Any Instability in the Credit and Capital Markets Could 
Negatively Impact Ryanair's Ability to Obtain Financing on Acceptable Terms" above) and can raise 
inexpensive unsecured debt in the capital markets. The Company also finances aircraft from its strong 
cashflows.  
Personnel Costs 
Ryanair endeavours to control its labour costs through incentivising high productivity. Compensation for 
personnel emphasises productivity-based pay incentives. These incentives include sales bonus payments 
for onboard sales of products for cabin crew and payments based on the number of hours or sectors flown 
by pilots and cabin crew within strict limits set by industry standards or regulations fixing maximum 
working hours. 
Customer service costs  
Ryanair has entered into agreements with external contractors at certain airports for ticketing, passenger 
and aircraft handling, and other services that management believes can be more cost-efficiently provided 
by third parties. Ryanair negotiates competitive rates for such services by negotiating fixed-price, multi-
year contracts. The development of its own Internet booking facility has allowed Ryanair to eliminate travel 
agent commissions. As part of its strategic initiatives, and the Always Getting Better ("AGB") customer 
experience program launched in 2013, the Company has broadened its distribution base by making 
Ryanair's fares available to Travelport (trading as Galileo and Worldspan), Amadeus and Sabre at nominal 
cost to the Company. Direct sales via the Ryanair website and mobile app continues to be the prime 
generator of scheduled passenger revenues.  
Airport Access and Handling Costs 
Ryanair prioritises airports that offer competitive prices. Ryanair's record of delivering a consistently high 
volume of passenger traffic growth at many airports has allowed it to negotiate favourable growth contracts 
with such airports. Since the launch of AGB in 2013, the Company has accessed more primary airports, 
which typically have higher airport charges and greater competition along with slot limitations. Secondary 
and regional airports generally do not have slot requirements or other operating restrictions that can increase 
operating expenses and limit the number of allowed take-offs and landings. Ryanair endeavours to reduce 
its airport charges by opting, when practicable, for less expensive gate locations as well as outdoor boarding 
stairs, rather than jetways, which are more expensive and operationally less efficient to use. Ryanair 
requires all passengers to check-in on the Internet, which reduces waiting times at airports and speeds a 
passenger's journey from arrival at the airport to boarding, as well as significantly reducing airport handling 
costs. Ryanair also charges a checked-bag fee, which is payable on the Internet at the time of booking or 
post booking and is aimed at reducing the number of bags carried by passengers in order to further reduce 
handling and CO2 costs. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—The Company Faces Risks 
Related to its Internet Reservations Operations and its Elimination of Airport Check-in Facilities." 
Taking Advantage of Digital Platforms 
Ryanair's reservation system operates under a hosting agreement with Navitaire which currently extends to 
November 2027. As part of the implementation of the reservation system, Navitaire developed an Internet 
booking facility. The Ryanair system allows Internet users to access its host reservation system and to make 
and pay for confirmed reservations in real time through the Ryanair.com website. The Company also has a 
mobile app which makes it simpler and easier for customers to book Ryanair flights. The website and app 
also offer customers the ability to add additional discretionary products on day of travel (e.g. checked bags, 
priority boarding, preferred seating and fast track). Ryanair has continued to invest in its website with the

--- Page 107 ---
99 
key features being personalisation, a "My Ryanair" account, easier booking flow and more content. These 
features make Ryanair's website faster, intuitive and fully responsive for mobile devices. The "My Ryanair" 
registration service, which allows customers to securely store their personal and payment details, has also 
significantly quickened the booking process and made it easier for customers to book a flight. Membership 
of "My Ryanair" is automatic for all bookings. Ryanair endeavours to continue to improve its website and 
mobile app through a series of ongoing upgrades. 
Commitment to Safety  
Safety is the primary priority of Ryanair. This commitment begins with the hiring and training of Ryanair's 
pilots, cabin crew, and maintenance personnel and includes a policy of maintaining its aircraft in accordance 
with the highest European industry standards. Ryanair has not had a single passenger or flight crew fatality 
as a result of an accident with one of its aircraft in its 38-year operating history. Although Ryanair seeks to 
maintain its fleet in a cost-effective manner, management does not seek to extend Ryanair's low-cost 
operating strategy to the areas of safety, maintenance, training or quality assurance. Routine aircraft 
maintenance and repair services are performed primarily by Ryanair, at Ryanair's main bases, but are also 
performed at other base airports by maintenance contractors approved under the terms of an EASA Part 
145 and UK CAA approval. Ryanair currently performs the majority of heavy airframe maintenance in-
house, but contracts with other parties who perform engine overhaul services and rotable repairs. Ryanair 
also outsources some heavy maintenance activity. These contractors also provide similar services to a 
number of other major European airlines. 
Enhancement of Operating Results through Ancillary Services 
Ryanair distributes travel insurance, fast track services, parking and airport transfers, and accommodation 
services through its website and the App. Ryanair also offers car hire services via a contract with 
RentalCars. Ancillary revenues accounted for approximately 36 per cent. of Ryanair's total operating 
revenues in fiscal year 2023 and approximately 45 per cent. of Ryanair's total operating revenues in fiscal 
year 2022. 
Focused Criteria for Growth 
Ryanair believes it will have opportunities for continued growth by: (i) using fare promotions to stimulate 
demand; (ii) initiating additional routes in the EU; (iii) initiating additional routes in countries party to a 
European Common Aviation Agreement with the EU that are currently served by higher-cost, higher-fare 
carriers or where competitor traffic capacity has not returned following the Covid-19 pandemic; (iv) 
increasing the frequency of service on its existing routes; (v) starting new domestic routes within individual 
EU countries and the UK; (vi) considering acquisition opportunities that may become available in the 
future; (vii) connecting airports within its existing route network; (viii) establishing new bases; and (ix) 
initiating new routes not currently served by any carrier. 
Responding to Market Challenges 
In recent periods, Ryanair's low-fares business model faced substantial pressure due to significantly 
increased fuel costs and economic contraction in the economies in which it operates (including global 
market disruptions related to the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak and the ongoing war in Ukraine). The 
Company has aimed to meet these challenges by: (i) grounding aircraft during the winter season; (ii) 
controlling costs and liquidity; (iii) renegotiating contracts with existing suppliers, airports and handling 
companies and (iv) flexibly reallocating capacity to new markets. There can be no assurance that the 
Company will be successful in achieving all of the foregoing or taking other similar measures, or that doing 
so will allow the Company to earn profits in any period. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the 
Company—Changes in Fuel Costs and Availability Affect the Company's Results" and "Risk Factors—
Risks Related to the Company—The Company May Not Be Successful in Increasing Fares and Revenues to 
Cover Rising Business Costs". 
In prior fiscal years, in response to an operating environment characterised by high fuel prices, typically 
lower seasonal yields and higher airport charges and/or taxes, Ryanair adopted a policy of grounding a 
certain portion of its fleet during the winter months. Ryanair also carries out its scheduled aircraft 
maintenance at this quieter time of the year. While seasonal grounding does reduce the Company's operating 
costs, it also decreases Ryanair's winter season flight and non-flight revenues. Decreasing the number and 
frequency of flights may also negatively affect the Company's labour relations, including its ability to attract

--- Page 108 ---
100 
flight personnel interested in full-time employment. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—
Ryanair has Seasonally Grounded Aircraft". 
Route System and Scheduling 
As of 21 July 2023, the Company offered over 3,000 daily scheduled short-haul flights serving 
approximately 230 airports largely throughout Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. The following 
table lists Ryanair's 91 operating bases:  
Operating Bases 
Agadir
Frankfurt (Hahn)
Paris (Beauvais)
Alicante
Gdansk
Pescara
Athens
Girona
Pisa
Baden-Baden
Gothenburg
Ponta Delgada
Barcelona (El Prat)
Ibiza
Porto
Bari
Katowice
Poznan
Belfast International
Kaunas
Prague
Berlin (Brandenburg)
Krakow
Prestwick
Billund 
Lamezia
Riga 
Birmingham
Lanzarote
Rome (Ciampino)
Bologna
Leeds Bradford
Rome (Fiumicino)
Bordeaux
Lisbon
Santiago
Bournemouth
Liverpool
Seville
Bratislava
London (Luton)
Shannon
Brindisi
London (Stansted)
Sofia
Bristol
Madeira 
Stockholm (Arlanda) 
Brussels (Charleroi)
Madrid
Tenerife South
Bucharest
Malaga
Thessaloniki
Budapest
Malta
Toulouse
Cagliari
Manchester
Turin 
Catania
Marrakesh
Valencia
Chania
Marseille
Venice (Marco Polo) 
Cologne
Memmingen
Venice (Treviso)
Corfu
Milan (Bergamo)
Vienna
Cork
Milan (Malpensa)
Vilnius
Dublin
Naples
Warsaw (Modlin)
Dusseldorf (Weeze)
Newcastle 
Wroclaw
East Midlands
Nuremberg 
Zadar
Edinburgh
Palermo
Zagreb
Faro
Palma de Mallorca
Fez
Paphos
 
Ryanair's objective is to schedule a sufficient number of flights per day on each of Ryanair's routes to satisfy 
demand for Ryanair's low-fares service. Ryanair schedules departures on its most popular routes at frequent 
intervals, normally between approximately 6:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. Management regularly reviews the 
need for adjustments in the number of flights on all of its routes. 
As part of Ryanair's AGB customer experience programme Ryanair has focused on high frequency and 
business friendly timings between Europe's main business centres. 
During fiscal year 2023, the Group opened 5 new bases and approximately 300 new routes across its 
network. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—Ryanair's New Routes and Expanded 
Operations May Have an Adverse Financial Impact on Its Results". 
Widely Available Low Fares 
Ryanair offers low fares, with prices generally varying on the basis of advance booking, seat availability 
and demand. Ryanair sells seats on a one-way basis, thus removing minimum stay requirements from all 
travel on Ryanair scheduled services. All tickets can be changed, subject to certain conditions, including 
fee payment and applicable upgrade charges. However, tickets are generally non-cancellable and non-
refundable and must be paid for at the time of reservation.

--- Page 109 ---
101 
Ryanair's discounted fares are driven by Ryanair's "load factor active – yield passive" strategy whereby 
seats are priced to ensure that high load factor targets are achieved.  
Ryanair also periodically runs special promotional fare campaigns, in particular in connection with the 
opening of new routes, and endeavours to always offer the lowest fare on any route it serves. Promotional 
fares may have the effect of increasing load factors and reducing Ryanair's yield and passenger revenues 
on the relevant routes during the periods they are in effect. Ryanair expects to continue to offer significant 
fare promotions to stimulate demand in periods of lower activity or during off-peak times for the foreseeable 
future.  
Marketing and Advertising 
Ryanair's primary marketing strategy is to emphasise its widely available low fares, route choice and great 
care. In doing so, Ryanair primarily advertises its services in national and regional media across Europe. In 
addition, Ryanair uses online advertising, email marketing and social media to drive awareness to potential 
customers. Social media gives Ryanair access to reach a weekly audience of over 50 million potential 
customers free of charge. Other marketing activities include cooperative advertising campaigns with other 
travel-related entities, including local tourist boards. Ryanair also regularly contacts people who have 
registered in its database to inform them about promotions and special offers. 
Reservations on Ryanair.Com 
Passenger airlines generally rely on travel agents (whether traditional or online) for a significant portion of 
their ticket sales and pay travel agents' commissions for their services, as well as reimbursing them for the 
fees charged by reservation systems providers. In contrast, Ryanair requires passengers to make 
reservations and purchase tickets directly. Due to Ryanair's long standing online distribution policy, the 
majority of such reservations and purchases are made through the website Ryanair.com, although a 
significant number of customers are also booking on the Ryanair app and, therefore, Ryanair are not reliant 
on travel agents. Over the last fiscal year, Ryanair has continued to encourage passengers to book direct 
and introduced a new "verified seal" on all legitimate Ryanair media platforms so that passengers know 
that they are booking on a legitimate platform. 
Ryanair's reservations system is hosted under an agreement with the system provider, Navitaire. Under the 
agreement, the system serves as Ryanair's core seating inventory and booking system. In return for access 
to these system functions, Ryanair pays transaction fees that are generally based on the number of passenger 
seat journeys booked through the system. Navitaire also retains back-up booking engines to support 
operations in the event of a breakdown in the main system.  
The Company has agreements with the GDS's Travelport (which operates the Galileo and Worldspan GDS) 
and Sabre. Since May 2023, Amadeus IT Group ("Amadeus") has had access to Ryanair's inventory, 
allowing Ryanair to integrate with corporate booking systems. Ryanair's fares (except for some promotional 
fare categories) are currently distributed on the GDS's systems but are not available for re-sale on any other 
online platform, other than Ryanair.com. 
Boeing Aircraft 
As of 30 June 2023, Ryanair had a fleet of 530 Boeing 737 aircraft which are currently operated by Buzz, 
Malta Air, Ryanair DAC and Ryanair UK. The fleet includes 119 Boeing 737-8200 aircraft, each having 
197 seats, and Boeing 737-800 next generation ("NG") aircraft, each having 189 seats.  
Between March 1999 and March 2023, Ryanair took delivery of 531 new Boeing 737 NG aircraft, 1 Boeing 
737-700 aircraft and 98 new Boeing 737-8200s under its contracts with Boeing and disposed of 122 Boeing 
737 NG aircraft, including 77 lease hand-backs. In the period April 2023 to June 2023, Ryanair took 
delivery of 21 new Boeing 737-8200 aircraft.  
Under the terms of the 2014 Boeing Contract, which was re-priced in December 2020, Ryanair agreed to 
purchase 210 new Boeing 737-8200 "Gamechanger" aircraft delivering between fiscal years 2022 and 2025 
inclusive. Deliveries commenced in June 2021.  The new aircraft will be used on new and existing routes 
to grow Ryanair's business. 
The Boeing 737-8200 represents the newest generation of Boeing's 737 aircraft. It is a short-to-medium 
range aircraft and seats 197 passengers (eight (4 per cent.) more seats than Ryanair's existing Boeing 737-

--- Page 110 ---
102 
800 NG 189 seat fleet). The basic price (equivalent to a standard list price for an aircraft of this type) for 
each of the Boeing 737-8200 series aircraft under the 2014 Boeing Contract is approximately US$102.5 
million. Net of basic credits and reflective of price escalation over the original scheduled delivery 
timeframe, the value of the 210 Boeing 737-8200 aircraft under the 2014 Boeing Contract is approximately 
US$9.6 billion.  
Boeing has granted Ryanair certain price concessions as part of the 2014 Boeing Contract.  As a result, the 
"effective price" (the purchase price of the new aircraft net of discounts received from Boeing) of each 
new aircraft will be significantly below the basic price mentioned above. The effective price applies to all 
new aircraft delivering from fiscal year 2022 through to fiscal year 2025.The Boeing 737 is the world's 
most widely used commercial aircraft and exists in a number of generations, the Boeing 737-8200 being 
the most recent in current production.  
The Boeing 737 NGs are fitted with CFM 56-7B engines and have advanced CAT III Autoland capability, 
advanced traffic collision avoidance systems, and enhanced ground-proximity warning systems. The 
Boeing 737-8200s are fitted with CFM LEAP-1B engines which, combined with the Advanced Technology 
winglet and other aerodynamic improvements, should reduce fuel consumption by up to approximately 16 
per cent. on a per seat basis compared to the Boeing 737 NGs in Ryanair's configuration and reduce 
operational noise emissions by approximately 40 per cent.  
For additional information, please see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—A Majority of 
Ryanair's Aircraft and Certain Parts are Sourced from a Single Supplier; therefore, Ryanair Would be 
Materially and Adversely Affected if such Supplier were Unable to Provide Additional Equipment or 
Support" 
At 31 March 2023, the average aircraft age of the Company's Boeing 737 fleet was approximately 9 years. 
Airbus Aircraft 
As of 30 June 2023, the Company had a fleet of 28 leased Airbus A320, compared to 29 as of 30 June 2022. 
These aircraft are operated by Lauda, as a wet lease operator for the Group, and have 180 seats. They are 
powered by a mix of CFM 56-5B and Pratt & Whitney V2500 engines. At 31 March 2023, the average 
aircraft age of the Company's leased Airbus A320 fleet was approximately 15.9 years.  
Summary 
The Company expects to have an operating fleet comprising approximately 640 narrow-body aircraft at 31 
March 2026, depending on the level of lease hand-backs and aircraft disposals.  
In May 2023, Ryanair signed an agreement to purchase 300 new Boeing 737-MAX-10 aircraft (150 firm 
orders and 150 options), which is subject to shareholder approval at the Company's AGM on 14 September 
2023. These fuel-efficient aircraft have 228 seats and phased deliveries between 2027 and 2033. It is 
expected that up to 50 per cent. of the order will be used to replace older Boeing 737 NG aircraft, while the 
remainder will facilitate disciplined traffic growth to approximately 300 million passengers per annum by 
2034. 
Training and Regulatory Compliance 
As at 31 March 2023, Ryanair owned and operated 10 Boeing 737-800 NG, 6 Boeing 737-8200 and 1 A320 
full flight simulators for pilot training. The simulators were purchased from CAE Inc of Quebec, Canada 
("CAE"). In addition, Ryanair currently owns and operates 9 state of the art, fixed base simulators from 
Multi Pilot Simulations ("MPS") which are used for pilot assessments and pilot training. In autumn 2021, 
Ryanair, in partnership with Aviation Flight Academy ("AFA") opened a new, state of the art, training 
centre in Dublin which includes both Boeing 737-8200 and A320 full flight simulators and a full Boeing 
737 Cabin Trainer. At the end of 2021, Ryanair agreed to purchase an additional 8 (6 confirmed and 2 
options) full flight simulators from CAE and 1 fixed base simulator from MPS. In fiscal year 2023, Ryanair 
took delivery of 3 Boeing 737-8200 full flight simulators and the new fixed base simulator. In fiscal year 
2024, Ryanair will take delivery of 1 Boeing 737-8200 full flight simulator into the Bergamo Training 
Centre, with no further deliveries planned in fiscal year 2024. Per the purchase agreement, this leaves a 
balance of 4 full flight simulators (2 confirmed and 2 options).

--- Page 111 ---
103 
Management believes that Ryanair is currently in compliance with all applicable regulations and EU 
directives concerning its fleet of Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft and will comply with any regulations 
or applicable EU and UK directives that may come into effect in the future. However, there can be no 
assurance that the FAA, EASA, the UK CAA or other regulatory authorities will not recommend or require 
other safety-related undertakings that could adversely impact the Company's results of operations or 
financial condition, in particular safety-related undertakings related to the Boeing 737-8200. See "Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Airline Industry—Safety-Related Undertakings Could Affect the Company's 
Results". 
Ancillary Services 
Ryanair provides various ancillary services and engages in other activities connected with its core air 
passenger service, including non-flight scheduled services, internet-related services, and the in-flight sale 
of beverages, food, duty-free and merchandise.  
Ryanair primarily markets car hire, travel insurance and accommodation services through its website and 
mobile app. Ryanair offers car hire services via a contract with RentalCars. Ryanair receives a commission 
on these sales.  
Ryanair markets car parking, fast-track, airport transfers, attractions and activities on its website and mobile 
app. Ryanair also sells gift vouchers, which are redeemable online. 
Government Regulation 
Regulatory Authorities 
EU air carriers such as the Company and the Group Airlines are generally able to provide passenger services 
on domestic routes within any EU member state outside their home country as well as between EU member 
states without restriction, subject to applicable EU and national regulations implemented by competent 
authorities, including the European Commission and EASA, as well as oversight by the European 
Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation ("Eurocontrol").  The Group Airlines are also subject to 
national regulation in their home countries, which is implemented primarily by (i) in Ireland, the Irish 
Commission for Aviation Regulation ("CAR"), the Irish Aviation Authority ("IAA") and the Irish 
Department of Transport ("DoT") in the case of Ryanair DAC, (ii) in Poland, the Polish Civil Aviation 
Authority ("Polish CAA") in the case of Buzz, (iii) in Malta, Transport Malta and the Maltese Civil 
Aviation Directorate ("Maltese CAD") in the case of Lauda Europe and Malta Air, and (iv) in the United 
Kingdom, the UK Civil Aviation Authority and the UK Department for Transport ("UK DfT") in the case 
of Ryanair UK.  
Management believes that the present regulatory environment in the EU is generally characterised by high 
sensitivity to safety and security issues, which is demonstrated by intensive reviews of safety-related 
procedures, training, and equipment by the national and EU regulatory authorities. During the Covid-19 
crisis, various public health measures were imposed on airlines, including requirements in certain countries 
to verify passenger's health documentation and, in certain cases, restrictions on the freedom to operate 
flights.  
Ireland 
Commission for Aviation Regulation  
CAR is responsible for issuing operating licences to air carriers registered in Ireland under Regulation (EC) 
No 1008/2008. The criteria for granting an operating licence include, inter alia, an air carrier's financial 
fitness, the adequacy of its insurance, and the fitness of its management. In addition, EU regulations require 
that (i) the air carrier must be owned, for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1008/2008, and continue to 
be owned (directly or through majority ownership) by EU member states and/or EU nationals and (ii) the 
air carrier must at all times be effectively controlled by such EU member states or EU nationals. CAR has 
broad authority to revoke an operating licence.  
Ryanair's current operating licence (No. 05/16) was issued by the CAR on 20 September 2016 and is subject 
to periodic review.

--- Page 112 ---
104 
Irish Aviation Authority 
The IAA is primarily responsible for regulating the safety, security and technical aspects of aviation in 
Ireland. The IAA has broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including the authority to require reports 
and investigate and institute enforcement proceedings. 
To operate in the EU, an Irish air carrier is required to hold an Air Operator Certificate and Operating 
Licence ("AOC") granted by the IAA attesting to the air carrier's operational and technical competence to 
conduct airline services with specified types of aircraft. The IAA has broad authority to amend or revoke 
an AOC, with Ryanair's ability to continue to hold its AOC being subject to ongoing compliance with 
current and future applicable statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to the airline industry. Ryanair DAC's 
current AOC (No. IE 07/94) was issued by the IAA on 11 January 2022.  
Each aircraft operated by Ryanair DAC is required to have a Certificate of Airworthiness issued by the 
IAA. The validity of each Certificate of Airworthiness, and the Company's Flight Operations Department, 
flight personnel, flight and emergency procedures, aircraft, and maintenance facilities are each subject to 
periodic review and inspections by the IAA.  
Under Ireland's Air Navigation and Transport Act 2022, the air navigation service provision function of the 
IAA was transferred into a new corporate entity, AirNav Ireland, in May 2023, while the safety and security 
regulation functions of the IAA were retained within the IAA. The Act further provided for the dissolution 
of CAR and the merger of its functions and responsibilities with the IAA, creating a single regulator for the 
civil aviation sector in Ireland, covering safety, security, economic and consumer regulation. 
Department of Transport  
The DoT is responsible for implementation of certain EU and Irish legislation and international standards 
relating to air transport. 
Poland 
Polish Civil Aviation Authority 
The Polish CAA is a government body and the civil aviation supervisory authority in Poland. Apart from 
certification and licencing of airlines, the Polish CAA performs operational and regulatory functions in all 
matters relating to qualifications of personnel, safety, security, as well as maintaining registers of aircraft, 
personnel and training entities, amongst others.  
The Company's subsidiary, Ryanair Sun S.A, operating as Buzz, obtained an AOC (No. PL-066) and 
operating licence (No. ULC-LER-1/4000-0156/06/17) from the Polish CAA in April 2018.  
Malta 
The Maltese Civil Aviation Directorate  
The Maltese CAD is Malta's aviation regulator, assisting the Maltese Director General for Civil Aviation 
in fostering the development of civil aviation in Malta within a safety oversight system. The Maltese CAD 
is responsible for the safety of aircraft, aircraft and aerodrome operators, air navigation service providers, 
licensing of aeronautical personnel and the conclusion of international air services agreements. To operate 
in the EU, a Maltese air carrier is required to hold an AOC granted by the Maltese CAD attesting to the air 
carrier's operational and technical competence to conduct airline services with specified types of aircraft. 
The Maltese CAD has authority to amend or revoke the AOC, with Lauda Europe's and Malta Air's ability 
to continue to hold their AOCs being subject to ongoing compliance with applicable statutes. Lauda 
Europe's and Malta Air's flight operations, aircraft, maintenance facilities and air crew are subject to 
ongoing review and inspections by the Maltese CAD.  
The Company's subsidiary, Malta Air, obtained an AOC (No. MT-57) and operating license (No. 
(CAD/MT-57) from the Maltese CAD on 12 June 2019. 
The Company's subsidiary, Lauda Europe, obtained an AOC (No. MT-62) and operating licence (No. 
CAD/MT-62) from the Maltese CAD on 4 September 2020.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
Transport Malta is a government body overseeing transport in Malta, including the work of the Maltese 
CAD. It is responsible for implementation of certain EU and Maltese legislation and international standards 
relating to air transport. 
UK 
The UK Civil Aviation Authority  
The UK CAA is primarily responsible for ensuring safety standards, consumer protection, efficient use of 
airspace and security risks. A UK air carrier is required to hold an AOC granted by the UK CAA attesting 
to the air carrier's operational and technical competence to conduct airline services with specified types of 
aircraft. The UK CAA has an authority to amend or revoke the AOC, with Ryanair UK's ability to continue 
to hold its AOC being subject to ongoing compliance with applicable statutes. Ryanair UK's flight 
operations, aircraft, maintenance facilities and air crew are subject to ongoing review and inspections by 
the UK CAA.  
The Company's subsidiary, Ryanair UK, obtained an AOC (No. GB 2451) and an operating license 
(OL/A/624) from the UK CAA on 20 December 2018.  
The UK Department for Transport  
The UK DfT is responsible for implementation of certain EU and UK legislation and international standards 
relating to air transport.  
European Union 
The European Union Aviation Safety Agency 
EASA is an agency of the EU that has been given specific regulatory and executive tasks in the field of 
aviation safety. The purpose of EASA is to draw-up common standards to ensure the highest levels of 
safety, oversee their uniform application across Europe and promote them at the global level. 
The European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation  
The European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation ("Eurocontrol") is an autonomous 
international organisation established under the Eurocontrol Convention of 13 December 1960. Eurocontrol 
is responsible for, inter alia, the safety of air navigation and the collection of charges for air navigation 
services throughout Europe.  
International agreements concerning Eurocontrol provide for the payment of charges to Eurocontrol in 
respect of air navigation services for aircraft in airspace under the control of Eurocontrol. The relevant 
legislation imposes liability for the payment of any charges upon the operators of the aircraft in respect of 
which services are provided and upon the owners of such aircraft or the managers of airports used by such 
aircraft. The Company's airline subsidiaries, as aircraft operators, are primarily responsible for the payment 
to Eurocontrol of charges incurred in relation to their aircraft. The legislation also authorises the detention 
of aircraft in the case of default in the payment of any charge for air navigation services by the aircraft 
operator or the aircraft owner, as the case may be. This power of detention extends to any equipment, stores 
or documents, which may be onboard the aircraft when it is detained, and may result in the possible sale of 
the aircraft. 
European Commission 
The European Commission is the EU body with primary responsibility for the preparation of legislative 
proposals (for adoption by the European Parliament and the Council of the EU) and for the monitoring of 
the implementation of EU legislation by member states of the EU. The European Commission is also 
responsible for the enforcement of EU competition law and certain other laws.  
The European Commission has published guidelines on the financing of airports and start-up aid to airlines 
by regional airports that place restrictions on the incentives public airports can offer to airlines delivering 
traffic, when compared with the commercial freedom available to private airports.  
The European Union has adopted several legislative acts aimed at modernising the EU's air traffic control 
system, including the legislative package known as the "single European sky", and its subsequent

--- Page 114 ---
106 
amendments "SES2" and "SES2+". For example, EU Regulation (EC) No 1070/2009 (under "SES2") 
focused on air traffic control performance and extended the authority of EASA to include airports and air 
traffic management. The objective of the EU's policy in this area is to enhance safety standards and the 
overall efficiency of air traffic control in Europe, as well as to reduce the cost of air traffic control services.  
The European Union has also adopted legislation on airport charges (Directive 2009/12/EC), which was 
originally intended to address abusive pricing at monopoly airports. However, the legislation includes all 
European airports with over five million passengers per year. Management believes that the scope that 
exists within this Directive to address abuses of their dominant positions by Europe's larger airports is very 
limited. See "Legal ProceedingsEU State Aid-Related Proceedings". 
The European Union has passed legislation calling for increased transparency in airline fares, which 
requires the inclusion of all mandatory taxes, fees, and charges in advertised prices. Ryanair includes this 
information in its advertised fares in all markets where it operates. Some consumer law enforcement 
authorities argue that certain optional price components should be included in advertised prices and/or that 
certain optional services should be considered mandatory, which could limit the Company's commercial 
freedom. 
The European Union has also passed legislation governing the allocation and use of airport slots, a directive 
governing access to the ground handling market at EU airports, a directive on the terms of airlines' 
participation in the EU Emissions Trading Scheme, regulations on passenger rights and the rights of 
passengers with reduced mobility, and several other legislative acts affecting air transport, including matters 
of aviation security, noise and social security.  
Registration of Aircraft 
Pursuant to the Irish Aviation Authority (Nationality and Registration of Aircraft) Order 2015 (the 
"Order"), the IAA regulates the registration of aircraft in Ireland. In order to be registered or continue to 
be registered in Ireland, an aircraft must be wholly owned by either (i) a citizen of Ireland or a citizen of 
another member state of the EU having a place of residence or business in Ireland or (ii) a company 
incorporated in and having a place of business in Ireland and having its principal place of business in Ireland 
or another member state of the EU and not less than two-thirds of the Directors of which are citizens of 
Ireland or of another member state of the EU. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 11 of the 13 Directors 
of Ryanair Holdings are citizens of Ireland. An aircraft will also fulfil these conditions if it is wholly owned 
by such citizens or companies in combination. Notwithstanding the fact that these particular conditions may 
not be met, the IAA retains discretion to register an aircraft in Ireland so long as it is in compliance with 
the other conditions for registration under the Order. Any such registration may, however, be made subject 
to certain conditions. In order to be registered, an aircraft must also continue to comply with any applicable 
provisions of Irish law. The registration of any aircraft can be cancelled if it is found that it is not in 
compliance with the requirements for registration under the Order and, in particular: (i) if the ownership 
requirements are not met; (ii) if the aircraft has failed to comply with any applicable safety requirements 
specified by the IAA in relation to the aircraft or aircraft of a similar type; or (iii) if the IAA decides in any 
case that it is not in the public interest for the aircraft to remain registered in Ireland. 
The Company's aircraft operated by Malta Air and Lauda Europe are registered in Malta, the aircraft 
operated by Buzz are registered in Poland and the aircraft operated by Ryanair UK are registered in the UK. 
In each of these countries similar regulations apply to the registration of aircraft as those described above 
in relation to aircraft operated by Ryanair DAC, which are registered in Ireland. 
Regulation of Competition 
Competition/Antitrust Law 
It is a general principle of EU competition law that no agreement may be concluded between two or more 
separate economic undertakings that prevents, restricts or distorts competition in the common market or 
any part of the common market. Such an arrangement may nevertheless be exempted by the European 
Commission, on either an individual or category basis. The second general principle of EU competition law 
is that any business or businesses having a dominant position in the EU common market or any substantial 
part of the common market may not abuse such dominant position. Similar competition laws apply at 
national level in EU member states, as well as in the UK and other non-EU countries where the Company 
operates Ryanair is subject to the application of the general rules of EU competition law as well as specific 
rules on competition in the airline sector.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
An aggrieved person may sue for breach of competition law in the courts of a member state and/or petition 
the European Commission or a national competition authority for an order to put an end to the breach of 
competition law. The European Commission and national competition authorities also may impose fines 
and daily penalties on businesses and the courts may award damages and other remedies (such as 
injunctions) in appropriate circumstances.  
Competition law in Ireland is primarily embodied in the Competition Acts 2002 to 2017. This legislation 
is modelled on the EU competition law system. The Irish rules generally prohibit anti-competitive 
arrangements among businesses and prohibit the abuse of a dominant position. These rules are enforced 
either by public enforcement (primarily by the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission) through 
both criminal and civil sanctions or by private action in the courts. These rules apply to the airline sector, 
but are subject to EU rules that override any contrary provisions of Irish competition law.  
Ryanair has been subject to an abuse-of-dominance investigation by the Irish Competition and Consumer 
Protection Commission in relation to service between Dublin and Cork. The Competition and Consumer 
Protection Commission (then known as the Competition Authority) closed its investigation in July 2009 
with a finding in favour of Ryanair. 
In December 2022, the Italian competition authority (the "AGCM") launched an investigation into alleged 
illegal price coordination between airlines, including Ryanair, on routes between mainland Italy and Sicily 
during the Christmas period. The Company has strongly refuted this allegation and is engaging with the 
AGCM whose investigation will likely conclude in late 2023 or early 2024. 
Certain operators of screen scaping websites (including Lastminute and On the Beach) have alleged in court 
proceedings that Ryanair's objection to the unauthorised selling of its flight tickets by online travel agents 
to consumers is an attempt to restrict competition. Ryanair is vigorously defending such claims.  
State Aid 
EU law sets conditions on which state aid may be granted by EU member states to businesses. The EU 
Treaty prevents member states from granting such aid unless approved in advance by the EU. Any such 
grant of state aid to an airline is subject to challenge before the European Commission or, in certain 
circumstances, national courts. If aid is held to have been unlawfully granted it may have to be repaid by 
the airline to the granting member state, together with interest thereon. See "Risk FactorsRisks Related 
to the Company—The Company Is Subject to Legal Proceedings Alleging State Aid at Certain Airports" 
and "Legal ProceedingsEU State Aid-Related Proceedings". 
Under the terms of the EU-UK TCA, the UK has introduced a new subsidy control regime in order to 
prevent distortions of competition between the UK and the EU. See "Risk FactorsRisks Related to the 
Company—The Company Is Subject to Legal Proceedings Alleging State Aid at Certain Airports" and 
"Legal ProceedingsEU State Aid-Related Proceedings". 
Data Protection 
Ryanair's processing of personal data is subject to increasingly complex data protection laws including the 
EU's GDPR as well as relevant national implementing legislation (Irish Data Protection Act 2018). The 
GDPR is directly applicable across the member states of the European Union and an equivalent data 
protection regime operates in the UK post-Brexit (the European Commission has considered the UK regime 
to be adequate by way of the "adequacy decision" adopted on 28 June 2021). The GDPR imposes strict 
obligations on companies which process personal data, including requirements to implement appropriate 
security measures to ensure that processing, storing and transferring of personal data is done in accordance 
with the key data protection principles contained in the GDPR. There is an obligation to report data breaches 
which are likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons (and in some instances an 
obligation to inform the data subjects) within stipulated timeframes. The GDPR also provides data subjects 
with enhanced rights in respect of their personal data, such as the "right to be forgotten" (to be erased from 
the databases of organisations holding their personal data, including erased from third party providers 
databases, provided there are no legitimate grounds for retaining the personal data) and the right to "data 
portability" (the right to receive the personal data concerning the data subject in a structured and commonly 
used and machine-readable format and to transmit that data to a nominated third party).

--- Page 116 ---
108 
A breach of the GDPR may result in the imposition of fines by supervisory authorities up to €20 million or 
4 per cent. of annual group-wide turnover (whichever is higher). Supervisory authorities also have the 
power to audit businesses and require measures to be taken by businesses to rectify any non-compliance 
(which can include orders to suspend data processing activities). Additionally, data subjects are entitled to 
seek compensation for any damage (including non-material damage) suffered in the event that the 
processing of their personal data is in breach of the GDPR's requirements. See "Risk Factors—Risks 
Related to the Company—Ryanair is Subject to Increasingly Complex Data Protection Laws and 
Regulations". 
Environmental Regulation 
Aircraft Noise Regulations 
Ryanair is subject to international, national and, in some cases, local noise regulation standards. EU and 
Irish regulations have required that all aircraft operated by Ryanair comply with Stage 3 noise requirements. 
All of Ryanair's aircraft currently comply with these regulations. Certain airports in Ryanair's network  
(including London Stansted, London Gatwick, Rome Ciampino, Dublin and Amsterdam)  have established 
local noise restrictions, including limits on the number of hourly or daily operations or the time of such 
operations. 
Company Facilities 
Ryanair maintains facilities across its network, including engineering facilities at the airports in Dublin, 
Glasgow (Prestwick), London (Stansted), Frankfurt (Hahn), Stockholm (Skavsta), Bergamo, Wrocław, 
Kaunas, Seville, Madrid and Vienna. Planning permissions for Ryanair's facilities have been obtained in 
accordance with local requirements and management of noxious or potentially toxic substances as well as 
of waste removal is conducted in adherence to applicable local, national and EU regulations. 
Ryanair's Policy on Noise and Emissions 
Ryanair is committed to reducing emissions and noise through investments in new, efficient aircraft and 
engine technologies and the implementation of certain operational and commercial decisions to minimise 
the environmental impact of its operations. According to the Air Travel Carbon and Energy Efficiency 
Report published by Brighter Planet, Ryanair is the industry leader in terms of environmental efficiency, 
and the Company is constantly working towards improving its performance. Additionally, in December 
2020, CDP awarded Ryanair a (first time) "B-" rating. This was upgraded to a "B" rating in December 2021, 
which included an "A" rating for environmental corporate governance. In December 2022, Ryanair retained 
its industry leading "B" rating.  
In December 2005, Ryanair completed the fleet replacement programme it commenced in 1999. All of 
Ryanair's older Boeing 737-200A aircraft were replaced with Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft. The design of 
these new aircraft is aimed at minimising drag, thereby reducing the rate of fuel burn and noise levels. The 
engines are also quieter and more fuel-efficient. The Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft have a significantly 
superior fuel-burn to passenger-kilometre ratio than Ryanair's former fleet of Boeing 737-200A aircraft. 
Ryanair has installed winglets on all of its Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft. Winglets reduce both the rate of 
fuel burn and carbon dioxide emissions by approximately 4 per cent. and also reduce noise emissions. In 
fiscal year 2023, Ryanair began to retrofit scimitar winglets on the Boeing 737-800 NG fleet. Management 
estimate that this retrofit program will further reduce fuel burn by approximately 1.5 per cent over a period 
of four to five years based on supplier forecasts. 
In September 2014, Ryanair entered into an agreement with Boeing to purchase up to 200 Boeing 737-8200 
"Gamechanger" aircraft (including 100 firm orders and 100 aircraft subject to option). The contract was 
approved by the shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting ("EGM") on 28 
November 2014. In June 2017, the Group agreed to purchase an additional 10 Boeing 737-8200 aircraft. In 
April 2018, the Company announced that it had converted 25 Boeing 737-8200 options into firm orders. In 
December 2020, the Company announced that it had converted the remaining 75 options to firm orders. 
This brought the Company's firm order to 210 Boeing 737-8200s with a total contract value of 
approximately US$9.6 billion at standard list price of US$102.5 million per aircraft (net of basic credits 
and reflective of price escalation over the originally scheduled delivery timeframe). These aircraft have 197 
seats and are fitted with CFM-LEAP-1B engines which, combined with the Advanced Technology winglet 
and other aerodynamic improvements, reduce fuel consumption by up to approximately 16 per cent. on a

--- Page 117 ---
109 
per seat basis compared to the Boeing 737-800 NGs in Ryanair's configuration and reduce operational noise 
emissions by approximately 40 per cent. See "Aircraft" above for details on Ryanair's fleet plan.  
In May 2023, Ryanair signed an agreement with Boeing to purchase up to 300 Boeing 737-MAX-10 aircraft 
(including 150 firm orders and 150 aircraft subject to option) for delivery between 2027 and 2033. This 
agreement is subject to Shareholder approval at the Company’s 2023 AGM. These aircraft have 228 seats 
and are fitted with CFM-LEAP-1B engines, which reduce fuel consumption by up to approximately 20 per 
cent. compared to the Boeing 737-800 NG and reduce noise emissions by approximately 50 per cent. 
Management expect that up to 50 per cent. of this order will replace older Boeing 737-800 NG aircraft, 
while the remainder will facilitate disciplined traffic growth to approximately 300 million passengers per 
annum by 2034. 
In addition, Ryanair has distinctive operational characteristics that management believes are helpful to the 
general environment. In particular, Ryanair: 
 
operates with a high-seat density of 189 seats on the Boeing 737-800 NGs and 197 on the Boeing 
737-8200 aircraft. This is in contrast to the 162 seats and two-class configuration of the Boeing 
737-800 aircraft used by traditional network airlines, reducing fuel burn and emissions per 
passenger/kilometre flown. The Lauda Europe A320 fleet has a high density of 180 seats;  
 
has reduced per-passenger/kilometre emissions through high load factors (93 per cent. in fiscal 
year 2023); 
 
better utilises existing infrastructure by operating out of underutilised secondary and regional 
airports throughout Europe, which limits the use of holding patterns and taxiing times, thus 
reducing fuel burn and emissions and reducing the need for new airport infrastructure;  
 
provides mainly direct services as opposed to connecting flights, in order to limit the need for 
passengers to transfer at main hubs and thus reduces the number of take-offs and landings per 
journey from four to two, reducing fuel burn and emissions per journey; and  
 
has minimal scheduled late-night departures of aircraft, reducing the impact of noise emissions. 
In 2021, a law was passed in France prohibiting domestic flights where an alternative direct train service 
operates in under 2.5 hours, with an exception made for connecting flights. The European Commission 
found this distorted competition between point to point carriers and network operators. Consequently, 
France amended their national laws to remove this exemption for connecting flights. The new formulation 
of the law de facto means that only 3 routes to Paris Orly airport (where the Company does not operate) are 
affected. The European Commission approved this law in December 2022 and it entered into force on 24 
May 2023 for a period of three years. Ryanair does not believe that any such measures can in fact make a 
significant contribution to reducing aviation's environmental impact given that over half of all emissions 
from European aviation come from long-haul flights (which account for just a few percent of total European 
flights) and has argued that policy-makers should instead focus on measures that discourage connecting 
flights, the most environmentally inefficient form of air travel. A widespread introduction of bans on short 
haul flights could have a negative impact on the Company's results and operations. 
Fit for 55  
Ryanair engages with European decision makers to support a fair green transition of the aviation sector. 
Among the measures included in the "Fit for 55" package, Ryanair welcomed the proposal to increase the 
use of SAF and engaged relevant stakeholders to stress the importance of using sustainable fuels to cut the 
sector's carbon footprint. Ryanair has highlighted the limited environmental benefit and the harmful 
consequences for the EU economy and connectivity resulting from other elements of the package, e.g., a 
kerosene tax that applies only to intra-EU flights. In December 2022, the EU Parliament, the Council of 
Europe and the European Commission  reached a political agreement to apply the ETS exclusively to intra-
EEA flights until at least 2027. 
Emissions Trading 
On 19 November 2008, the European Union adopted legislation to add aviation to the ETS as of 2012. This 
scheme, which had previously applied mainly to energy producers, is a cap-and-trade system for CO2

--- Page 118 ---
110 
emissions to encourage industries to improve their CO2 efficiency. Under the legislation, airlines were 
granted initial free CO2 allowances based on historical "revenue ton kilometres" and a CO2 efficiency 
benchmark. Any shortage of allowances has to be purchased in the open market and/or at government 
auctions. Management believes that this legislation has a negative impact on the European airline industry, 
as it does not sufficiently promote environmentally efficient growth. The EU is planning to phase out the 
free CO2 allowances between 2024 and 2026, which will increase the cost of compliance by the Company 
with the ETS.  
On 1 January 2021, a UK ETS replaced the UK's participation in the EU ETS (in principle covering UK 
domestic flights and flights from the UK to the EU, while EU ETS still applies on flights from the EU to 
the UK, regardless of the nationality of the operating carrier). This scheme contains many consistent 
features with the concurrent EU ETS. Airlines have been granted allowances under the scheme with a 
subsequent deduction in allocated free EU ETS allowances. These were distributed in proportion to UK 
ETS activity based on historical "revenue ton kilometer".  
Ryanair takes its environmental responsibilities seriously and intends to continue to improve its 
environmental efficiency and to minimise emissions. Under Regulation 7 of the UK Companies Act 2006 
(Strategic Report and Directors' Report) Regulations 2013, Ryanair is obliged to state its annual quantity 
of emissions in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. Ryanair's EU and UK Emissions Trading Scheme 
monitoring, reporting and allowance surrender obligations are mandated on a calendar year basis. During 
calendar year 2022, the Group emitted 13.6 million tCO2 (calendar year 2021: 7.0 million tCO2), which 
equates to 0.085 tCO2 (calendar year 2021: 0.097 tCO2) per passenger. During calendar year 2021 travel 
restrictions imposed by governments during the Covid-19 pandemic significantly reduced global aviation 
traffic. 
Carbon Offsetting 
On 6 October 2016, the CORSIA (Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation) 
agreement was signed between 191 International Civil Aviation Organisation ("ICAO") countries. The 
CORSIA scheme uses market-based environmental policy instruments (carbon credits) to offset CO2 
emissions above 2019 levels, from 2021 to 2023, and above 85 per cent. of 2019 levels from 2024 to 2035. 
The scheme is voluntary for ICAO countries until 2026. As of June 2023, 115 out of 191 countries have 
decided to participate. 
Aviation Taxes/Minimum Price Proposals  
Ryanair is fundamentally opposed to the introduction of additional aviation taxes, including new 
environmental taxes, fuel taxes or emissions levies. Ryanair has offered, and continues to offer, among the 
lowest fares in Europe, to make passenger air travel affordable and accessible to European consumers. 
Ryanair remitted approximately €833 million in various environmental taxes in fiscal year 2023, up from 
approximately €255 million in fiscal year 2022 (and approximately €54 million in fiscal year 2021). Ryanair 
believes that the imposition of additional taxes on airlines will not only increase airfares, but will discourage 
new entrants into the market, resulting in less choice for consumers. Ryanair believes this would ultimately 
have adverse effects on the European economy in general. 
As a company, Ryanair believes in free market competition and that aviation taxation distorts competition 
by favouring  the less efficient flag carriers which generally have smaller and older aircraft, lower load 
factors, which offer connecting flights and operate primarily into congested airports, and which, as a result, 
have a much higher fuel burn per passenger. Furthermore, the introduction of a tax at a European level only, 
such as that proposed under the Energy Taxation Directive ("ETD") would distort competition between 
airlines operating solely within Europe and those operating long-haul flights to and from Europe.  
In 2020, certain politicians in Austria and Italy called for the introduction of minimum prices on airline 
tickets and/or a ban on prices lower than the sum of applicable government taxes and airport charges. While 
management believes that any such restriction of airlines' commercial freedom would be incompatible with 
EU law, it cannot be guaranteed that some form of government intervention in airline ticket prices will not 
be introduced at a national or European level. This would severely impact the Company's ability to attract 
the most price sensitive consumers.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
Airport charges 
The EU Airport Charges Directive of March 2009 sets forth general principles that are to be followed by 
airports with more than five million passengers per annum, and the airport with the highest passenger 
movement in each Member State, when setting airport charges, and provides for an appeals procedure for 
airlines in the event that they are not satisfied with the level of charges. However, Ryanair does not believe 
that this procedure is effective or that it constrains those airports that are currently abusing their dominant 
position, in part because the legislation was transposed improperly in certain countries, such as Ireland and 
Spain, thereby depriving airlines of even the basic safeguards provided for in the Directive. This legislation 
may in fact lead to higher airport charges, depending on how its provisions are applied by EU member 
states and subsequently by the courts. 
Slots 
Currently, many of Ryanair's airports have no "slot" allocation restrictions; however, a substantial number 
of the airports Ryanair airlines serve, including its primary bases, are regulated by means of "slot" 
allocations, which represent authorisations to take off or land at a particular airport within a specified time 
period. EU law currently regulates the acquisition, transfer and loss of slots. Under Regulation (EC) No 
793/2004, slots may be transferred from one route to another by the same carrier, transferred within a group 
or as part of a change of control of a carrier, or swapped between carriers. In April 2008, the European 
Commission issued a communication on the application of the slot allocation regulation, signalling the 
acceptance of secondary trading of airport slots between airlines. This was intended to allow more 
flexibility and mobility in the use of slots and further enhance possibilities for market entry at slot 
constrained airports. Any future legislation that might create an official secondary market for slots could 
create a potential source of revenue for certain of Ryanair's current and potential competitors, many of 
which have many more slots allocated at primary airports at present than Ryanair. The European 
Commission proposed a revision to the slots' legislation reflecting the principle of secondary trading. This 
revision has been negotiated by the EU institutions since 2014 and is currently stalled, although the 
European Commission may issue a new proposal by Q4 2023. Slot values depend on several factors, 
including the airport, time of day covered, the availability of slots and the class of aircraft. Ryanair's ability 
to gain access to and develop its operations at slot-controlled airports will be affected by the availability of 
slots for take-offs and landings at these specific airports. New entrants to an airport are currently given 
certain privileges in terms of obtaining slots, but such privileges are subject to the grandfathered rights of 
existing operators that are utilising their slots. In March 2020, the European Union suspended the "80/20 
use it or lose it" rule for the IATA summer season 2020 due to the Covid-19 crisis. The "80/20" rule provides 
that an airline is entitled to the same slot in the next equivalent scheduling period if it has used the allocated 
slot 80 per cent. of the time. The suspension of the 80/20 rule has been phased out and restored from the 
IATA summer season 2023. There is no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain a sufficient number 
of slots at the slot-controlled airports that it desires to serve in the future at the time it needs them or on 
acceptable terms. See "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—Ryanair's Continued Growth is 
Dependent on Access to Suitable Airports; Charges for Airport Access are Subject to Increase".  
Other 
The Company transitioned to local contracts of employment in a number of EU countries in recent years. 
Where this transition has occurred the Company is subject to local laws and regulations (examples below).  
Health and occupational safety issues relating to Ryanair employees employed under Irish law are 
addressed in Ireland by the Safety, Health and Welfare at Work Act, 2005 (as amended) and other 
regulations under that Act. Although licences or permits are not issued under such legislation, compliance 
is monitored by the Health and Safety Authority (the "Authority"), which is the regulating body in this 
area. The Authority periodically reviews Ryanair DAC's health and safety record and when appropriate, 
issues improvement notices or prohibition notices. Ryanair DAC has responded to all such notices to the 
satisfaction of the Authority.  
For Malta Air and Lauda Europe, health and occupational safety issues are addressed in the Maltese 
Occupational Health and Safety Authority Act XXVII of 2000. Compliance is monitored by the 
Occupational Health and Safety Authority ("OHSA"), which enforces the law in workplaces. OHSA 
advises the Minister responsible for occupational health and safety regarding the making of regulations to 
promote, maintain and protect a high level of occupational health and safety, as well as takes enforcement 
action. OHSA can also carry out investigations on any matter concerning occupational health and safety.

--- Page 120 ---
112 
The Polish Labour Code (Journal of Laws of 2020, item 1320, with amendments) covers health and 
occupational safety issues. Under Article 18 of the Labour Code, compliance with provisions on health and 
occupational safety is monitored by the National Labour Inspectorate ("Państwowa Inspekcja Pracy") 
and the National Sanitary Inspectorate ("Państwowa Inspekcja Sanitarna"). 
Occupational health and safety issues relating to Ryanair UK are governed by various legislation, the 
primary statute in England being the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 (the "Health and Safety at 
Work Act"). The Health and Safety Executive ("HSE"), monitors compliance with the Health and Safety 
at Work Act and related legislation.  
Legal Proceedings 
The Company is engaged in litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business. Although no assurance 
can be given as to the outcome of any current or pending litigation, management does not believe that any 
such litigation will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the results of 
operations or financial condition of the Company, except as described below.  
EU State Aid-Related Proceedings 
Since 2002, the European Commission has examined the agreements between Ryanair and various airports 
to establish whether they constituted illegal state aid. In many cases, the European Commission has 
concluded that the agreements did not constitute state aid. In other cases, Ryanair has successfully 
challenged the European Commission findings that there was state aid.  In 2014, the European Commission 
announced findings of state aid to Ryanair in its arrangements with Pau, Nimes, Angouleme, Altenburg and 
Zweibrücken airports, ordering Ryanair to repay a total of approximately €10 million of alleged aid.  In 
2016, the European Commission announced findings of state aid to Ryanair in its arrangements with 
Cagliari and Klagenfurt, ordering Ryanair to repay approximately €13 million of alleged aid. Ryanair 
appealed the seven "aid" decisions to the EU General Court. In 2018, the EU General Court upheld the 
European Commission's findings regarding Ryanair's arrangements with Pau, Nimes, Angouleme and 
Altenburg airports, and overturned the European Commission's finding regarding Ryanair's arrangement 
with Zweibrücken airport.  Ryanair appealed these four negative rulings to the European Court of Justice, 
but in December 2019 Ryanair discontinued the appeals as the Court had refused to grant an oral hearing 
in any of the cases. The appeal before the General Court regarding Ryanair's arrangements with Cagliari 
airport is pending discontinuance following the European Commission's withdrawal of its decision in 
March 2023 as a result of a General Court ruling in a related case. Both Ryanair and the European 
Commission have submitted to the General Court that there is no need to rule in this case. In 2021, the 
General Court upheld the European Commission's finding regarding Ryanair's arrangements with 
Klagenfurt airport. Ryanair appealed this negative finding to the European Court of Justice in late 2021 and 
a ruling is currently expected in 2023. In August 2019, the European Commission announced findings of 
state aid to Ryanair in its arrangements with Montpellier airport, ordering Ryanair to repay a total of 
approximately €8 million of alleged aid. Ryanair appealed the Montpellier "aid" decision into the General 
Court. It is currently expected that the appeal proceedings before the General Court regarding Ryanair's 
arrangements at Montpellier airport will conclude in 2023. In July 2022, the European Commission 
announced a finding of state aid to Ryanair in its arrangements at La Rochelle airport, ordering Ryanair to 
repay approximately €8m of alleged aid. Ryanair will appeal the La Rochelle "aid" decision to the General 
Court once the decision has been published. Ryanair is facing similar legal challenges with respect to 
agreements with certain other airports, notably Carcassonne, Girona, Reus, Târgu Mureș, Beziers and 
Frankfurt (Hahn). These investigations are ongoing (as is the European Commission's re-examination of 
the Cagliari case following its withdrawal in March 2023 of the 2016 "aid" decision) and Ryanair currently 
expects that they will conclude in 2023, with any European Commission decisions appealable to the EU 
General Court. Ryanair is also facing an allegation that it has benefited from unlawful state aid in a German 
court case in relation to its arrangements with Frankfurt (Hahn) launched by Lufthansa in 2006. 
Adverse rulings in the above or similar cases could be used as precedents by competitors to challenge 
Ryanair's agreements with other publicly-owned airports and could cause Ryanair to strongly reconsider its 
growth strategy in relation to public or state-owned airports across Europe. This could in turn lead to a 
scaling back of Ryanair's growth strategy due to the smaller number of privately owned airports available 
for development. No assurance can be given as to the outcome of these proceedings, nor as to whether any 
unfavourable outcomes may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the results 
of operations or financial condition of the Company.

--- Page 121 ---
113 
Legal Proceedings Against Internet Ticket Touts 
The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings against internet ticket touts ("screen scraper 
websites") in the Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, France, Italy, Poland, the UK and the US Screen 
scraper websites gain unauthorised access to Ryanair's website and booking system, extract flight and 
pricing information and display it on their own websites for sale to customers at prices which include 
intermediary fees on top of Ryanair's fares. Ryanair does not allow any such commercial use of its website 
and objects to the practice of screen scraping also on the basis of certain legal principles, such as contractual 
and database rights, copyright protection, etc. The Company's objective is to prevent any unauthorised use 
of its website and to prevent consumer harm, and the resultant reputational damage to the Company, that 
may arise due to the failure by some operators of screen scraper websites to provide Ryanair with the 
passengers' genuine contact and payment method details. The Company also believes that the selling of 
airline tickets by screen scraper websites is inherently anti-consumer as it inflates the cost of air travel. At 
the same time, Ryanair encourages genuine price comparison websites which allow consumers to compare 
prices of several airlines and then refer consumers to the airline website in order to perform the booking at 
the original fare. Ryanair offers licensed access to its flight and pricing information to such websites. 
Ryanair also permits GDSs to provide access to Ryanair's fares to traditional bricks and mortar travel 
agencies and closed corporate travel booking platforms. The Company has received favourable rulings in 
France, Germany, the Czech Republic, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands and the US, and unfavourable rulings 
in Germany, the Czech Republic, Spain, France, Switzerland and Italy. However, pending the outcome of 
these legal proceedings and if Ryanair were to be ultimately unsuccessful in them, the activities of screen 
scraper websites could lead to a reduction in the number of customers who book directly on Ryanair's 
website and loss of ancillary revenues which are an important source of profitability through the sale of car 
hire, hotels, travel insurance etc. Also, some business may be lost to the Company once potential customers 
are presented by a screen scraper website with a Ryanair fare or a fee for an ancillary product such as 
checked baggage or priority boarding inflated by the screen scraper's intermediary fee. See "Risk Factors—
Risks Related to the Company—Ryanair Faces Risks Related to Unauthorised Use of Information from the 
Company's Website". 
US Litigation 
In November 2018, a putative securities class action complaint was filed against Ryanair and Mr. O'Leary 
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "District Court"). The 
District Court appointed lead plaintiffs, the City of Birmingham Retirement and Relief System and City of 
Birmingham Firemen's and Policemen's Supplemental Pension System (the "Birmingham Funds"), in 
January 2019. The Birmingham Funds filed an amended complaint in April 2019 that purports to be on 
behalf of purchasers of Ryanair American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") between 30 May 2017 and 28 
September 2018. The amended complaint alleges, among other things, that in filings with the SEC, investor 
calls, interviews, and other communications, Ryanair and/or Mr. O'Leary made materially false and 
misleading statements and omissions regarding employment and financial data, employee negotiation 
processes, the September 2017 pilot rostering management issue, and the likelihood and financial impact 
of unionisation, which allegedly artificially inflated the market value of Ryanair's securities. In June 2020, 
the District Court issued a ruling dismissing in part the Birmingham Funds' claims, including claims 
regarding employment and financial data, employee negotiation processes, the September 2017 pilot 
rostering management issue, and the financial impact of unionisation. The Birmingham Funds' claims 
regarding the likelihood of unionisation were not dismissed. In March 2021, the Birmingham Funds issued 
a motion to amend their claim, seeking, among other things, to re-introduce prior dismissed claims. The 
Company and Mr O'Leary filed an opposition to the motion to amend in May 2021. The motion was refused 
in March 2022. In March 2023, following mediation, the parties agreed to settle the case. The total 
settlement amount is US$5 million, which is considerably less than the legal costs that would have been 
incurred had this action gone all the way to trial. The Company's position remains that there was no lawful 
basis for this claim, but that the settlement will enable it to avoid the further costs and distraction of ongoing 
litigation, and it is therefore in the interest of all of the Company's shareholders to agree to this very modest 
settlement. The final settlement agreement is subject to approval by the District Court. 
Insurance 
Ryanair is exposed to potential catastrophic losses that may be incurred in the event of an aircraft accident 
or terrorist incident. Any such accident or incident could involve costs related to the repair or replacement 
of a damaged aircraft and its consequent temporary or permanent loss from service. In addition, an accident 
or incident could result in significant legal claims against the Company from injured passengers and others

--- Page 122 ---
114 
who experienced injury or property damage as a result of the accident or incident, including ground victims. 
Ryanair maintains aviation third-party liability insurance, passenger liability insurance, employer liability 
insurance, directors' and officers' liability insurance, aircraft insurance for aircraft loss or damage, and other 
business insurance in amounts per occurrence consistent with industry standards. Ryanair believes its 
insurance coverage is adequate, although not comprehensive. There can be no assurance that the amount of 
such coverage will not need to be increased, that insurance premiums will not increase significantly or that 
Ryanair will not be forced to bear substantial losses from accidents. Ryanair's insurance does not cover 
claims for losses incurred when, due to unforeseen events, airspace is closed and aircraft are grounded, such 
as the airspace closures described in  "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Company—The Covid-19 
Pandemic and Measures to Reduce its Spread Had, and May Again in the Future Have, a Material Adverse 
Impact on the Company's Business, Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Liquidity" and "Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Airline Industry—Extreme Weather Events Could Affect the Company and 
Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company's Results of Operations". 
The cost of insurance coverage for certain third-party liabilities arising from "acts of war" or terrorism 
increased dramatically as a result of the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks and the war in Ukraine. 
Ryanair's insurers have indicated that the scope of the Company's current war-related insurance coverage 
may exclude certain types of catastrophic incidents, which may result in the Company seeking alternative 
coverage.  
Ryanair has established Aviation Insurance Limited ("AIL"), a wholly owned captive insurance company 
subsidiary based in Malta, to provide the Company with self-insurance as part of its ongoing risk-
management strategy. AIL underwrites a portion of the Company's aviation insurance programme, which 
covers not only the Company's aircraft but also its liability to passengers and to third parties. AIL reinsures 
virtually all of the aviation insurance risk it underwrites with recognised third parties in the aviation 
reinsurance market, with the amount of AIL's maximum aggregate exposure not currently subject to such 
reinsurance agreements being equal to approximately US$15 million.  
Regulation (EC) No 2027/97, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 889/2002, governs air carrier liability. 
This legislation provides for unlimited liability of an air carrier in the event of death or bodily injuries 
suffered by passengers, implementing the Warsaw Convention of 1929 for the Unification of Certain Rules 
Relating to Transportation by Air, as amended by the Montreal Convention of 1999. Ryanair has extended 
its liability insurance to meet the appropriate requirements of the legislation. See "Risk Factors—Risks 
Related to the Airline Industry—The Company Faces the Risk of Loss and Liability" for information on the 
Company's risks of loss and liability. 
Staff and Labour Relations 
The following table sets forth the details of Ryanair's team (including all Ryanair airlines) at each of 31 
March 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
Number of Staff at 31 March 
Classification 
2023 
2022 
2021 
Management 
125
116
97
Administrative/IT Labs 
1,028
828
759
Maintenance 
506
483
417
Ground Operations 
655
488
312
Pilots 
6,582
5,860
5,170
Cabin Crew 
13,365
11,341
8,261
Total 
22,261
19,116
15,016
 
Ryanair has concluded CLAs with trade unions in most of their major markets. Ryanair will continue to 
defend its existing high productivity business model. Ryanair believes that existing terms and conditions 
for both pilots and cabin crew are industry leading among European low cost operators with competitive 
pay, advantageous fixed rosters, outstanding promotional opportunities and a wide choice of base locations 
across Europe.  
European regulations require pilots to be licensed as commercial pilots with specific ratings for each aircraft 
type to be flown. In addition, European regulations require all commercial pilots to be medically certified 
as physically fit. Licenses and medical certification are subject to periodic re-evaluation and require

--- Page 123 ---
115 
recurrent training and recent flying experience in order to be maintained. Maintenance engineers must be 
licensed and qualified for specific aircraft types. Cabin crew must undergo initial and periodic competency 
training. Training programs are subject to approval and monitoring by the competent authority. In addition, 
the appointment of senior management personnel directly involved in the supervision of flight operations, 
training, maintenance and aircraft inspection must be satisfactory to the competent authority. Based on its 
experience in managing the airline's growth to date, management believes that while there is a sufficient 
pool of qualified and licensed pilots, engineers and mechanics within the EU to satisfy Ryanair's anticipated 
future needs in the areas of flight operations, maintenance and quality control. The consolidation within the 
aviation industry, airline closures and downsizing has resulted in an increase in pilot applications to join 
Ryanair. Ryanair has also been able to satisfy its needs for additional pilots and cabin crew through the use 
of contract agencies. These contract pilots and cabin crew are included in the table above.  
Ryanair's crew earn productivity-based incentive payments, including a sales bonus for onboard sales for 
flight attendants and payments based on the number of hours or sectors flown by pilots and cabin crew 
(within limits set by industry standards or regulations governing maximum working hours). Ryanair's pilots 
and cabin crew are currently subject to EASA-approved limits of 900 flight-hours per calendar year.  
If more stringent regulations on flight hours were to be adopted, Ryanair's flight personnel could experience 
a reduction in their total pay due to lower compensation for the number of hours or sectors flown and 
Ryanair could be required to hire additional flight personnel. 
Ryanair Holdings' shareholders have approved a number of share-based remuneration plans for employees 
and Directors, including Share Option Plan 2013 and LTIP 2019 (which replaced Option Plan 2013 for 
share based remuneration granted after the 2019 AGM). Ryanair Holdings has granted share-based 
remuneration to several of its senior managers. 
Share Buyback Programme  
Following shareholder approval at the 2006 AGM, a €300 million share buyback programme was formally 
announced on 5 June 2007. Permission was received at the AGM held on 20 September 2007 to repurchase 
a maximum of 75.6 million ordinary shares representing 5 per cent. of the Company's then outstanding 
share capital. The €300 million share buyback of approximately 59.5 million ordinary shares, representing 
approximately 3.8 per cent. of the Company's pre-existing share capital, was completed in November 2007. 
In February 2008, the Company announced a second share buyback programme of up to €200 million worth 
of ordinary shares, which was ratified by shareholders at the AGM held on 18 September 2008. 18.1 million 
ordinary shares were repurchased under this programme at a cost of approximately €46 million. The 
Company also completed share buybacks of €125 million in respect of 36.5 million ordinary shares in the 
2012 fiscal year and 15 million ordinary shares at a cost of approximately €68 million in the 2013 fiscal 
year.  
In April 2012, the Company held an EGM to authorize the Directors to repurchase ordinary shares and 
ADRs for up to 5 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company traded on the NASDAQ. Up until 
April 2012, shareholders had only authorised the Directors to repurchase ordinary shares. As the ADRs 
typically trade at a premium compared to ordinary shares, this has resulted in increased costs in performing 
share buybacks and may continue to do so in the future.  This authority was renewed at the Annual General 
Meeting held on 20 September 2013 and at subsequent Annual General Meetings and an EGM in 2016.  
In fiscal year 2014, 69.5 million ordinary shares (including ordinary shares underlying just over 6 million 
ADRs) were repurchased at a cost of approximately €482 million. In February 2015, the Company 
announced a €400 million ordinary share buyback programme which was completed between February and 
August 2015. In February 2016, the Company announced an €800 million Ordinary Share buyback 
programme (including ordinary shares underlying ADRs) and this programme was subsequently increased 
to €886 million in June 2016. €418 million of this programme was completed in fiscal year 2016 to buyback 
approximately 29.1 million shares (including approximately 19.9 million shares underlying ADRs) with 
the remaining €468 million spent in fiscal year 2017 to buyback approximately 36 million shares (including 
approximately 3.9 million shares underlying ADRs). In addition to the above, in fiscal year 2017, the 
Company bought back 36.4 million shares (including approximately 17.7 million shares underlying ADRs) 
at a total cost of approximately €550 million during the period November 2016 to February 2017. In 
February 2017, the Company announced the commencement of a €150 million share buyback programme 
in respect of shares underlying ADRs. The Company bought back approximately 2 million shares 
underlying ADRs at a cost of €39 million under this programme during fiscal year 2018. In addition to the

--- Page 124 ---
116 
above, in fiscal year 2018, the Company bought back 33 million shares at a total cost of €600 million under 
its €600 million share buyback programme which commenced in May 2017 and 11.7 million shares at a 
total cost of €190 million under its €750 million share buyback programme which commenced in February 
2018. In fiscal year 2019 the Company bought back 37.8 million shares at a total cost of approximately 
€561 million under its €750 million share buyback which commenced in February 2018.   
In fiscal year 2020, the Company bought back approximately 47.2 million shares (including 15.8 million 
shares underlying ADRs) at a cost of €581 million under its €700 million share buyback programme 
(including ordinary shares underlying ADRs) which was announced and commenced in May 2019. This 
share buyback programme was terminated in March 2020 as part of a series of measures introduced to 
preserve cash during the Covid-19 crisis. 
In fiscal year 2021, the Company issued approximately 35.2 million shares under a non-pre-emptive placing 
to a number of institutional investors and certain of the Company's Directors and members of its senior 
management team. The shares were issued at a price of €11.35 per share raising gross proceeds of 
approximately €400 million. The shares issued represented approximately 3.2 per cent. of the Company's 
issued share capital immediately prior to the placing. 
There were no share repurchases in fiscal year 2022 or 2023. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 30 June 2023, there were 1,138,889,528 ordinary shares outstanding. Based on information available 
to the Company, the following table summarises the holdings of those shareholders holding 3 per cent. or 
more of the ordinary shares as of 30 June 2023, 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, the latest practicable date 
prior to the Company's publication of its statutory Annual Report in each of the relevant years. 
 
As of 30 June 2023 
As of 30 June 2022 
As of 30 June 2021 
 
No. of 
Shares 
% of Class
No. of 
Shares 
% of Class
No. of 
Shares 
% of Class
HSBC Holdings PLC 
84,733,381
7.4
116,367,663
10.3
82,194,848
 7.3
Capital 
74,244,319
6.5
96,449,310
8.5
130,030,773
 11.5
Baillie Gifford 
64,396,921
5.7
84,361,020
7.4
102,427,272
 9.1
AKO Capital  
57,620,909
5.1
58,131,953
5.1
54,195,746
 4.8
Fidelity 
54,670,280
4.8
44,869,519
4.0
47,096,727
 4.2
Parvus Asset Management Europe 
54,185,320
4.8
57,556,875
5.1
57,414,314
 5.1
MFS 
50,338,917
4.4
50,061,594
4.4
39,839,051
 3.5
Michael O'Leary 
44,096,725
3.9
44,096,725
3.9
44,096,725
 3.9
Causeway Capital Management 
37,529,675
3.3
—
—
—
—
Société Générale SA (SG SA) 
— 
— 
44,813,877
3.9
79,113,810
 7.0
Harris Associates 
— 
— 
37,426,765
3.3
25,418,560
 2.3
Egerton Capital 
— 
— 
 —
 —
46,430,130
 4.1
 
As of 30 June 2023, the beneficial holdings in ordinary shares of the Directors of Ryanair Holdings as a 
group was 45,514,883 ordinary shares, representing 4 per cent. of Ryanair Holdings' outstanding ordinary 
shares as of such date.  
As of 31 March 2023, there were 1,138,674,528 ordinary shares outstanding. Based on information 
available to Ryanair Holdings, the following table summarises holdings of those shareholders holding 3 per 
cent. or more of the ordinary shares as of 31 March 2023, 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
As of 31 March 2023 
As of 31 March 2022 
As of 31 March 2021 
 
No. of Shares 
% of Class
No. of Shares % of Class No. of Shares % of Class
HSBC Holdings PLC 
88,611,652
7.8
103,285,582
 9.1
81,175,344
 7.2
Baillie Gifford 
67,437,688
5.9
88,863,106
 7.8
105,753,192
 9.4
Capital 
62,310,109
5.5
117,345,252
 10.3
127,825,495
 11.3
AKO Capital 
58,367,069
5.1
57,494,324
 5.1
54,526,393
 4.8
MFS 
49,646,209
4.4
44,973,351
 4.0
39,933,396
 3.5
Fidelity 
48,099,289
4.2
44,399,286
 3.9
47,674,061
 4.2
Causeway Capital Management 
46,214,550
4.1
—
—
—
—
Parvus Asset Management 
Europe 
45,532,192
4.0
49,760,850
 4.4
41,007,236
 3.6
Michael O'Leary 
44,096,725
3.9
44,096,725
 3.9
44,096,725
 3.9
Harris Associates 
41,063,200
3.6
—
—
—
—
Egerton Capital 
—
—
 —
 —
46,270,426
 4.1
Société Générale SA  
—
—
72,365,694
 6.4
82,686,947
 7.3
Marshall Wace 
—
—
44,356,764
 3.9
 —
 —
 
Directors and Senior Management 
Directors 
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the Directors of Ryanair Holdings and 
Ryanair as of 21 July 2023: 
Name 
Age 
Positions 
Stan McCarthy (b)(c) ...................................................... 
65 
Chairman and Director 
Louise Phelan (b)(c) ........................................................ 
56 
Senior Independent Director 
Eamonn Brennan (d)(e) ................................................... 
65 
Director 
Róisín Brennan (a)(d) ...................................................... 
58 
Director 
Michael Cawley (b)(d) .................................................... 
69 
Director 
Emer Daly (a) .................................................................. 
60 
Director 
Geoff Doherty (a) ............................................................ 
52 
Director 
Elisabeth Köstinger (c) .................................................... 
44 
Director 
Howard Millar (b)(c) ....................................................... 
62 
Director 
Dick Milliken (a) ............................................................. 
72 
Director 
Anne Nolan (c) ................................................................ 
63 
Director 
Mike O'Brien (e) ............................................................. 
79 
Director 
Michael O'Leary (b) ........................................................ 
62 
Director and Group CEO 
 _______________  
(a) 
Audit Committee 
(b) Executive Committee. 
(c) 
Nomination Committee. 
(d) Remuneration Committee. 
(e) 
Safety & Security Committee.  
 
Stan McCarthy was appointed as a Director of Ryanair in May 2017, Deputy Chairman in April 2019 and 
Chairman in June 2020. Mr. McCarthy was Chief Executive of Kerry Group plc from January 2008 until 
September 2017. He joined Kerry Group in 1976 and worked in a number of finance roles before being 
appointed as Vice President of Sales and Marketing in the USA in 1991, as President of Kerry North 
America in 1996 and as a Director of Kerry Group in 1999. Mr. McCarthy is an investor, advisor and Board 
member of a small number of privately-owned companies in diverse industries. An active philanthropist in 
both Ireland and the US, he donates to various organizations in health, education and poverty reduction. He 
has dual Irish and US citizenship. 
Louise Phelan has served as a Director since December 2012 and was appointed Senior Independent 
Director (SID) in June 2020, having previously been Group CEO of the Phelan Energy Group, and former 
Vice President of PayPal (leading a global team in Continental Europe, Middle East and Africa).  Prior to 
that she spent 16 years with General Electric in various leadership roles. Ms. Phelan is a member of the 
Top Level Appointments Committee (TLAC) for the office of An Taoiseach and recently joined the Board 
of Kingspan Group plc.  She is an Irish citizen.

--- Page 126 ---
118 
Eamonn Brennan joined the Board in April 2023. Mr Brennan was formerly Chief Executive of the Irish 
Aviation Authority, and more recently the Director General of Eurocontrol from 2018 to 2022. He is an 
Irish citizen. 
Róisín Brennan has served as a Director since May 2018. She is a former Chief Executive of IBI Corporate 
Finance Ltd. where she had extensive experience advising Irish public companies. Ms. Brennan is currently 
a Non-Executive Director of Musgrave Group plc, Glanbia plc and Dell Bank International DAC having 
previously been a Non-Executive Director of DCC plc from 2005 until 2016 and Hibernia REIT plc from 
2019 to 2022. She is an Irish Citizen. 
 
Michael Cawley has served as a Director since September 2014. He previously worked with Ryanair for 
17 years as Deputy CEO and COO until he retired in March 2014. Mr. Cawley is a Non-Executive Director 
of Hostelworld Group plc, and he is a former Director of Flutter Entertainment plc and Kingspan Group 
plc. He is an Irish citizen. 
 
Emer Daly has served as a Director of Ryanair since December 2017. She is currently Board Chairman at 
RSA Insurance Ireland DAC and a Non-Executive Director of Chetwood Financial Limited and RGA 
International Reinsurance Company DAC. Ms. Daly previously served as a Non-Executive Director of 
Permanent TSB Group plc and as a Director of Payzone plc. Prior to that, Ms. Daly also held senior roles 
with PwC and AXA Insurance for over 20 years. She is an Irish citizen. 
 
Geoff Doherty has served as a Director of Ryanair since October 2021. Mr. Doherty is the Group Chief 
Financial Officer, and an executive director of Kingspan Group plc. Prior to that, he was an executive 
director and Chief Financial Officer of Greencore Group plc. He is an Irish citizen. 
 
Elisabeth Köstinger joined the Board in April 2023. Ms. Köstinger is a former Austrian politician who 
was an MEP from 2009 to 2017, and subsequently served as Minister for Agriculture, Sustainability and 
Tourism in the Government of Chancellors Kurz, Schallenberg and Nehammer. Ms. Köstinger retired from 
politics in 2022. She is also CEO of a private Austrian ESG-Fintech. She is an Austrian citizen. 
 
Howard Millar has served as a Director of Ryanair since August 2015.  He was previously Ryanair's 
Deputy CEO and CFO from 2003 to December 2014 having been Ryanair's Director of Finance from 1993 
and Financial Controller since 1992. Mr. Millar currently serves as CEO of Sirius Aviation Capital 
Holdings Ltd., a global aircraft lessor. He is an Irish citizen. 
 
R.A. (Dick) Milliken has served as a Director since July 2013 having previously been Chief Financial 
Officer of Almac Group and former Chief Executive of Lamont plc. He is currently Chairman of both the 
Lotus Group (a Northern Ireland based property company) and CV6 Inc, a Life Sciences spin-out from 
Queens University Belfast and is a Director of a number of private companies. Mr. Milliken is a former 
Council Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and a former Director of Bank of 
Ireland Mortgages. He is a British citizen. 
 
Anne Nolan has served as a Director since December 2022. She is a former Chair of the Irish Aviation 
Authority (from 2010 to 2018) and previously served as Chief Executive of the Irish Pharmaceutical 
Healthcare Association. Ms. Nolan has also served on various Boards including the Food Safety Authority 
of Ireland, the Irish Medicines Board, the Executive Committee of the European Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Industries and the Board of the Smurfit Graduate School of Business. She is an Irish citizen. 
 
Mike O'Brien has served as a Director since May 2016. Prior to that, he was Head of Flight Operations 
Inspectorate with the Maltese Civil Aviation Authority until he retired in 2016, having previously spent 10 
years as the Head of Operating Standards with the Irish Aviation Authority until 2001. Capt. O'Brien served 
4 years as the Chief Pilot and Flight Operations Manager of Ryanair from 1987 to 1991. He is an Irish 
citizen. 
 
Michael O'Leary has served as a Director of Ryanair since 1988 and as CEO since 1994. Mr. O'Leary was 
appointed Group CEO in April 2019. He is an Irish citizen. 
 
The business address of each director of Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair is Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside 
Business Park, Swords, Co. Dublin, Republic of Ireland. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the above

--- Page 127 ---
119 
mentioned Directors of Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair do not have potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties to Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair and their private interests or other duties. 
The Board of Directors has established a number of committees, including the following:  
(a) 
Audit Committee. The Board of Directors established the Audit Committee in September 1996 to 
make recommendations concerning the engagement of independent external auditors; to review 
with the auditors the plans for and scope of each annual audit, the audit procedures to be utilised 
and the results of the audit; to approve the professional services provided by the auditors; to review 
the independence of the auditors; and to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's 
internal accounting controls. Mr. Milliken, Ms. Brennan, Ms. Daly and Mr. Doherty are the 
members of the Audit Committee. In accordance with the recommendations of the Irish Combined 
Code of Corporate Governance (the "Combined Code"), an independent Non-Executive Director, 
Mr. Milliken, is the chair of the Audit Committee. Following Mr. Milliken's departure from the 
Board in September 2023, Mr. Doherty will take over as Chair of the Audit Committee. All 
members of the Audit Committee are independent for the purposes of the listing rules of the 
NASDAQ and the US federal securities laws. 
(b) 
Executive Committee. The Board of Directors established the Executive Committee in August 
1996. The Executive Committee can exercise the powers exercisable by the full Board of Directors 
in circumstances in which action by the Board of Directors is required but it is impracticable to 
convene a meeting of the full Board of Directors. Ms. Phelan (Chair), Mr. Cawley, Mr. McCarthy, 
Mr. Millar and Mr. O'Leary are members of the Executive Committee. 
(c) 
Nomination Committee. The Board of Directors established the Nomination Committee in May 
1999 to make recommendations and proposals to the full Board of Directors concerning the 
selection of individuals to serve as Executive and Non-Executive Directors. The Board of 
Directors as a whole then makes appropriate determinations regarding such matters after 
considering such recommendations and proposals. Mr. McCarthy (Chair), Ms. Köstinger (from 
April 2023), Mr. Millar, Ms. Nolan (from April 2023) and Ms. Phelan are the members of the 
Nomination Committee.  
(d) 
Remuneration Committee. The Board of Directors established the Remuneration Committee in 
September 1996. This committee has authority to determine the remuneration of Senior Executives 
of the Company and to administer the share-based remuneration plans described below. Senior 
Management remuneration is comprised of a fixed basic pay and performance related bonuses 
which are awarded based on a combination of budget and non-budget performance criteria. The 
Remuneration Committee determines the remuneration and bonuses of the Group CEO, who is the 
only Executive Director. Ms. Brennan, Mr. Brennan (from April 2023) and Mr. Cawley are the 
members of the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Doherty served on the Remuneration Committee 
from September 2022 to March 2023 (inclusive). Following Ms. O'Neill's retirement from the 
Board in September 2022, Ms. Brennan was appointed Chair of the Remuneration Committee. 
(e) 
Safety & Security Committee. The Board of Directors established the Safety and Security 
Committee in March 1997 to review and discuss air safety and security performance. The Safety 
and Security Committee reports to the full Board of Directors each quarter. The Safety and 
Security Committee is composed of Mr. O'Brien and Ms. Carol Sharkey (who both act as Co-
Chair) and Mr. Brennan (from July 2023). Other attendees include the accountable managers of 
each of the Group's airlines, and various nominated persons who are invited to attend, as required, 
from time to time. Each airline has a separate Safety & Security Committee to comply with their 
local regulators' requirements. 
Powers of, and Action by, the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is empowered by the Articles of Association of Ryanair Holdings (the "Articles") 
to carry on the business of Ryanair Holdings, subject to the Articles, provisions of general law and the right 
of shareholders to give directions to the Directors by way of ordinary resolutions. Every Director who is 
present at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Ryanair Holdings has one vote. In the case of a tie on a 
vote, the chairman of the Board of Directors has a second or tie-breaking vote. A Director may designate 
an alternate Director to attend any Board of Directors meeting, and such alternate Director shall have all 
the rights of a Director at such meeting.

--- Page 128 ---
120 
The quorum for a meeting of the Board of Directors, unless another number is fixed by the Directors, 
consists of three Directors, a majority of whom must be EU nationals. The Articles require the vote of a 
majority of the Directors (or alternates) present at a duly convened meeting for the approval of any action 
by the Board of Directors. 
Composition and Term of Office 
The Articles provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of no fewer than three and no more than 15 
Directors, unless otherwise determined by the shareholders. There is no maximum age for a Director and 
no Director is required to own any shares of Ryanair Holdings. 
Directors are elected (or have their appointments confirmed) at the AGMs of shareholders. 
Executive Officers 
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the executive officers of Ryanair Holdings 
and Ryanair as at 21 July 2023:  
Name 
Age 
Position 
Michael O'Leary 
62 
Group CEO 
Neil Sorahan 
51 
Group CFO 
Juliusz Komorek 
45 
Group CLO; Co. Secretary 
Edward Wilson 
59 
Ryanair DAC CEO 
Carol Sharkey 
48 
Chief Risk Officer 
Tracey McCann 
49 
Ryanair DAC CFO 
Andreas Gruber 
38 
Lauda Joint CEO 
David O'Brien 
59 
Malta Air CEO & Lauda Joint CEO 
Michal Kaczmarzyk 
44 
Buzz CEO 
John Hurley 
48 
CTO 
 
Michael O'Leary. Michael has served as a Director of Ryanair DAC since 1988 and a Director of Ryanair 
Holdings since 1996. Michael was appointed CEO of Ryanair in 1994 and Group CEO in April 2019, 
having previously served as CFO since 1988.  
Neil Sorahan. Neil was appointed Group CFO in October 2019, having previously served as Ryanair's 
CFO from October 2014. Prior to this he was Ryanair's Finance Director since June 2006 and Treasurer 
from January 2003. Before joining Ryanair, Neil held various finance and treasury roles at CRH plc.  
Juliusz Komorek. Juliusz was appointed Group CLO; Company Secretary in late 2019 having previously 
served as Ryanair's   Chief Legal & Regulatory Officer; Company Secretary from May 2009 and Deputy 
Director of Legal and Regulatory Affairs since 2007. Prior to joining the Company in 2004, Juliusz had 
gained relevant experience in the European Commission's Directorate General for Competition and in the 
Polish Embassy to the EU in Brussels, as well as in the private sector in Poland and the Netherlands. Juliusz 
is a lawyer, holding degrees from the universities of Warsaw and Amsterdam. 
Edward Wilson. Eddie was appointed Ryanair DAC's CEO in September 2019, having previously served 
as Ryanair's CPO since December 2002. Prior to this he served as Head of Personnel since December 1997. 
Before joining Ryanair, Eddie was the Human Resources Manager for Gateway 2000 and held a number 
of other human resources-related positions in the Irish financial services sector. 
Carol Sharkey. Carol was appointed Chief Risk Officer in May 2018 having held the position of Director 
of Safety and Security since 2014. She has worked at Ryanair since 1995 having previously held roles in 
inflight, flight operations and in recent years has overseen the flight safety department. 
Tracey McCann. Tracey was appointed Ryanair DAC's CFO in January 2020 having previously served as 
Ryanair's Director of Finance from December 2014. She joined Ryanair in 1991 and has held various senior 
finance roles.

--- Page 129 ---
121 
Andreas Gruber. Andreas was appointed CEO of Lauda in 2018. Prior to that, he held various operational 
and network planning roles within the Aerberlin Group. Following Lauda's acquisition by the Group, 
Andreas remained as Lauda's Joint CEO.  
David O'Brien. David was appointed Joint CEO of Lauda in April 2020 and CEO of Malta Air in 
December 2020, having previously served as Ryanair's CCO since January 2014. Prior to that David was 
Ryanair's Director of Flight and Ground Operations from December 2002. A graduate of the Irish Military 
College, prior to joining Ryanair, David followed a military career with positions in the airport sector and 
agribusiness in the Middle East, Russia and Asia. 
Michal Kaczmarzyk. Michal was appointed CEO of Buzz in April 2017. Prior to joining Buzz, Michal 
served as the General Director of the Polish Airports State Company and CEO of Warsaw Chopin Airport. 
A former CEO of LS Airport Services and supervisory board member of Euro LOT Airline, Krakow Airport 
and Gdansk Airport, Michal also held roles with the Polish Industrial Development Agency, the Office of 
Competition and Consumer Protection and PwC.  
John Hurley. John was appointed CTO in September 2014. He joined Ryanair from Houghton Mifflin 
Harcourt, where he was Vice-President of Engineering and Product Operations, Director of Platform 
Development and Software Development Program Manager. He was previously Production Manager at 
both Intuition Publishing Ltd and Education Multimedia Group and has over 20 years of experience in the 
IT industry. 
The business address of each executive officer (except Andreas Gruber, David O'Brien and Michal 
Kaczmarzyk) of Ryanair Holdings and Ryanair is Ryanair Dublin Office, Airside Business Park, Swords, 
Co. Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The business address of Andreas Gruber is Concorde Business Park 
2/F/10, Schwechat, A 2320, Austria. The business address of David O'Brien is Level 3, 181 Triq Marina, 
Pieta, PTA 9041, Malta. The business address of Michal Kaczmarzyk is ul. Cybernetyki 21, 02-677, 
Warsaw, Poland. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the above mentioned executive officers of Ryanair 
Holdings and Ryanair do not have potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Ryanair Holdings 
and Ryanair and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating member states"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member 
state or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
member state. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Ireland 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices of the Irish Revenue Commissioners currently 
in force in Ireland regarding the principal Irish withholding tax consequences and some other miscellaneous 
tax matters for investors beneficially owning their Notes and may be subject to change so should be treated 
with appropriate caution. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers 
holding Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a 
general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon 
under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which could include interest paid on the Notes or amounts representing 
such interest paid under the Guarantee. However, the Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Note so long as the following 
conditions are met: 
(a) 
the Notes are quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as the Issuer), 
which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and which carry a 
right to interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland 
either:

--- Page 131 ---
123 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so 
recognised), or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and the return payable on 
the quoted Eurobond is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant 
person (such as an Irish paying agent) in the prescribed form. 
So long as the Notes continue to be quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in a 
clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, interest on the Notes can be paid 
by the Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Irish income tax.  If the Notes continue to be quoted but cease to be 
held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes may be paid without any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying 
agent outside Ireland. 
Encashment tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest on 
any Note where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any 
Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax where the beneficial owner of the interest is not 
resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent 
or bank. In addition,  an exemption applies where the payment is made to a company where that company 
is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that 
income.  
Stamp Duty 
No Irish stamp duty will be payable on the issue of the Notes. 
The transfer of interests in the Notes may, in certain circumstances, result in a change to Irish stamp duty. 
However, a transfer of the Notes by physical delivery only (and not otherwise) should not give rise to a 
charge to Irish stamp duty. Stamp duty will not arise where Notes satisfying the conditions of the loan 
capital exemption are transferred. The four conditions are as follows:  
(a) 
the Notes must not carry a right of conversion into shares or marketable securities (other than loan 
capital) of an Irish incorporated company or into loan capital having such a right; 
(b) 
the Notes must not carry rights similar to those attaching to shares, including voting rights, 
entitlement to a share of profits or a share in surplus on liquidation of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Notes must be issued for a price which is not less than 90 per cent. of the nominal value of the 
Notes; and 
(d) 
the Notes must not carry a right to a sum in respect of repayment or interest which is related to 
certain movements in an index or indices (based wholly or partly and directly or indirectly on 
stocks or marketable securities) specified in any document relating to the Notes.] 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer and the Guarantor) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two

--- Page 132 ---
124 
years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment"  and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for US 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the US Federal Register generally would 
be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 133 ---
125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Bank of China (Europe) S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Goodbody 
Stockbrokers UC, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan Securities plc, J&E Davy Unlimited Company, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., SMBC Bank EU AG and Standard Chartered Bank (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed 
by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 27 July 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers and BNP Paribas and Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited in their capacity as arrangers (the "Arrangers"). If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and a single Dealer for 
that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of 
those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in 
relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe for Notes may be subject 
to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered, delivered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to US tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
US tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 134 ---
126 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies  "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors"  as 
"Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
or a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell, 
underwrite the issue of, or act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, other than in conformity with: 
(a) 
the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 
of Ireland and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank pursuant to section 1363 of the 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the "Companies Act");

--- Page 135 ---
127 
(b) 
the provisions of the Companies Act; 
(c) 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended) and any codes of 
practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) of Ireland; 
(d) 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2017 (as 
amended) (the "MiFID II Regulations") including Regulation 5 (Requirement for Authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under 
the MiFiD II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
and 
(e) 
the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union 
(Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) of Ireland and any rules and guidance issued by 
the Central Bank pursuant to section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended, (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan). As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2 (1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 136 ---
128 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed or 
given on 21 July 2023 and by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed or given on 21 July 
2023. The issue of this Base Prospectus was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed or given on 21 July 2023 and by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed or given 
on 21 July 2023. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of the Notes and the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
 
Save as disclosed on pages 112 to 113 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
 
Since 31 March 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
 
Since 31 March 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor 
or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries nor any significant change in the financial performance or 
financial position of the Guarantor or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries since 30 June 2023. 
Auditors 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 March 2022 have 
been audited without qualification, in accordance with Irish law and International Financial 
Reporting Standards, by KPMG Ireland, Chartered Accountants, who have given, and have not 
withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. KPMG Ireland is registered to carry out audit work by the Chartered 
Accountants Ireland formerly known as the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. The 
profession in Ireland is regulated by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority 
(IAASA). 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor in respect of the year ended 31 March 2023 
have been audited without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing 
(Ireland), by PricewaterhouseCoopers of One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, 
Chartered Accountants and statutory audit firm ("PricewaterhouseCoopers"). The consolidated 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 March 2023 were prepared on the basis 
of International Financial Reporting Standard ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board ("IASB") and IFRS as issued by the IASB and as adopted by the EU.  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers have been appointed as the auditors of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
March 2023. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers are members of the Chartered Accountants Ireland and are independent 
of the Guarantor and the Issuer in accordance with the ethical requirements applicable to their audit 
of their financial statements in Ireland, including the ethical standards of the Irish Auditing and 
Accounting Supervisory Authority. 
Documents on Display 
 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected, in physical or electronic format, during 
normal business hours at the offices of registered office of the Guarantor, the Specified Office of

--- Page 138 ---
130 
the Fiscal Agent and at the websites indicated below for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (available at https://investor.ryanair.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/Constitutional-Documents-Ryanair-DAC.pdf); 
(b) 
the constitutive documents of the Guarantor (available at https://investor.ryanair.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/Constitutional-Documents-Ryanair-Holdings-plc.pdf);  
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 
March 2022 and 31 March 2023 (available at https://investor.ryanair.com/results/);  
(d) 
the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Quarterly Financial Statements of the Guarantor, 
(available at https://investor.ryanair.com/results/); and 
(e) 
the Deeds of Guarantee (available at https://investor.ryanair.com/debt/). 
Clearing of the Notes 
 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instruments Short Name (FISN) and/or Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Denomination 
 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum denomination of less 
than EUR100,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares 
(or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose group 
the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Issue Price and Yield 
 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the 
relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
Availability of Prospectus 
 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin 
website 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Listing Agent 
 
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market.

--- Page 139 ---
131 
Conflicts 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates.  Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Guarantor routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 635400WKFIPCHCKVW376. The Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 635400BR2ROC1FVEBQ56. 
Issuer Website  
 
The Issuer's website is https://investor.ryanair.com/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank. 
Guarantor Website 
 
The Guarantor's website is https://investor.ryanair.com/. Unless specifically incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall have any obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ ....................................................................... iv 
£ ....................................................................... iv 
€ ....................................................................... iv 
€STR ........................................................ 23, 59 
€STR reference rate ........................................ 59 
€STRi .............................................................. 59 
2006 ISDA Definitions ....................... 36, 49, 51 
2014 Boeing Contract ....................................... 9 
2021 ISDA Definitions ............................. 36, 49 
2023 Boeing Contract ....................................... 8 
30/360 ............................................................. 38 
30E/360 .......................................................... 39 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 39 
Accountholder .......................................... 34, 94 
Accrual Yield ................................................. 36 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 38 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 38 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 38 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 38 
Additional Business Centre(s) ........................ 36 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ....................... 36 
Adjustment Spread ......................................... 64 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .................... 51 
ADSs ............................................................ 113 
AFA .............................................................. 102 
AGB ............................................................... 98 
AGCM .......................................................... 107 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 35 
Agent .............................................................. 35 
Agents............................................................. 35 
AGM................................................................. 8 
AIL ............................................................... 114 
Alternative Rate .............................................. 64 
Amadeus ....................................................... 101 
AOC ............................................................. 104 
App ................................................................. 97 
Arrangers ...................................................... 125 
Articles ......................................................... 119 
ASL ................................................................ 16 
Authority ...................................................... 111 
Bank Rate ....................................................... 53 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 2, 79 
Bearer Notes ............................................. 29, 35 
Benchmark ............................................... 53, 56 
Benchmark Amendments ......................... 63, 64 
Benchmark Event ........................................... 64 
Benchmark Replacement ................................ 56 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ............ 56 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 ........................................................................ 56 
Benchmark Replacement Date ....................... 56 
Benchmark Transition Event .......................... 57 
Benchmarks Regulation................................... iv 
Birmingham Funds ....................................... 113 
Boeing .............................................................. 9 
business day .................................................... 46 
Business Day ................................................... 36 
Business Day Convention ............................... 37 
CAE .............................................................. 102 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 37 
Calculation Amount ........................................ 37 
Calculation Period ..................................... 38, 50 
CAR .............................................................. 103 
Central Bank ..................................................... 2 
CGN .................................................................. 2 
Change of Control ........................................... 69 
Change of Control Period ............................... 69 
CLAs ............................................................... 13 
Classic Global Note .......................................... 2 
Clearing System Business Day ....................... 94 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................. 2 
COBS .............................................................. 78 
Code ................................................................ 70 
Combined Code ............................................ 119 
Commission's proposal ................................. 122 
Companies Act .............................................. 126 
Company ..................................................... 2, 96 
Compounded Daily €STR ............................... 58 
Compounded Daily SONIA ............................ 51 
Compounded Index ......................................... 60 
Compounded SOFR ........................................ 53 
Conditions .............................................. i, 35, 79 
Confirmation ................................................... 50 
Control ............................................................ 69 
Coupon Sheet .................................................. 37 
Couponholder .................................................. 45 
Couponholders ................................................ 36 
Coupons .......................................................... 36 
Covid-19 ........................................................... 7 
CSAT .............................................................. 97 
d .................................................... 51, 54, 58, 60 
D ......................................................... 51, 54, 59 
D1 .............................................................. 39, 40 
D2 .............................................................. 39, 40 
Day Count Fraction ......................................... 38 
Dealer ................................................................ 2 
Dealer Agreement ......................................... 125 
Dealers ...................................................... 2, 125 
Deeds of Covenant .......................................... 22 
Definitive Notes .............................................. 30 
Direct Rights ................................................... 34 
Dispute ............................................................ 77 
distributor ................................................... iii, 78 
District Court ................................................ 113 
do ............................................................... 54, 59 
Do .................................................................... 51 
dollars .............................................................. iv 
Dollars .............................................................. iv 
DoT ............................................................... 103 
Downgrade ...................................................... 69 
Drawdown Prospectus ....................................... i 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax).................... 40

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
Early Redemption Cancellation Notice .......... 69 
Early Redemption Event................................. 68 
Early Redemption Notice ............................... 68 
Early Termination Amount ............................. 40 
EASA .......................................................... 8, 14 
ECB ................................................................ 29 
EEA ............................................................ 2, 78 
Effective Date ........................................... 50, 68 
effective price ............................................... 102 
EGM ............................................................. 108 
End ................................................................. 60 
English Law Deed of Covenant ................ 22, 35 
English Law Deed of Guarantee ............... 22, 35 
English Law Note ........................................... 40 
ESMA ......................................................... 2, 88 
ETD .............................................................. 110 
ETS ................................................................. 18 
EU ................................................................... iv 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 23 
EU CRA Regulation ....................... 2, 88, 89, 90 
EUR ................................................................. iv 
EURIBOR ................................................ 23, 40 
euro .................................................................. iv 
Eurobond Basis............................................... 39 
Euroclear .......................................................... 2 
Eurocontrol ........................................... 103, 105 
Eurodollar Convention ................................... 37 
Euronext Dublin ............................................... 2 
Eurosystem ............................................... 22, 29 
EU-UK TCA .................................................... 9 
EUWA ........................................................ 2, 78 
Extraordinary Resolution................................ 40 
FAA ............................................................ 8, 14 
FCA ................................................................. iii 
FIEA ............................................................. 127 
Final Redemption Amount ............................. 40 
Final Terms ................................................. i, 35 
first currency .................................................. 77 
First Interest Payment Date ............................ 40 
first Person ...................................................... 44 
Fiscal Agent .................................................... 35 
fiscal year ........................................................ iv 
Fitch ............................................................ 2, 69 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................... 40 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 37 
Following Business Day Convention ............. 37 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 123 
FRN Convention............................................. 37 
FSMA ........................................................ iii, 78 
FTT ............................................................... 122 
GDPR ............................................................... 7 
GDSs .............................................................. 14 
Global Note .................................................... 29 
Global Registered Note .................................. 33 
Group .............................................................. 40 
Guarantee ....................................................... 40 
Guarantee of the Notes ................................... 40 
Guarantor .................................................... 2, 35 
Health and Safety at Work Act ..................... 112 
Holder ....................................................... 40, 45 
HSE ............................................................... 112 
i ........................................................... 51, 54, 59 
i+1 ................................................................... 54 
IAA ............................................................... 103 
IASB ............................................................. 129 
ICAO ............................................................. 110 
ICSDs ................................................................ 2 
IFRS .............................................................. 129 
IGAs .............................................................. 123 
Indebtedness .................................................... 41 
Independent Adviser ....................................... 65 
Index Days ...................................................... 61 
Individual Note Certificates ............................ 33 
Insurance Distribution Directive ........ iii, 78, 126 
Interest Amount .............................................. 41 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 41 
Interest Determination Date .......... 41, 52, 54, 59 
Interest Payment Date ..................................... 41 
Interest Period ................................................. 41 
Irish Law Deed of Covenant ..................... 22, 35 
Irish Law Deed of Guarantee .................... 22, 35 
Irish Law Note ................................................ 41 
ISDA ............................................................... 41 
ISDA Definitions ............................................ 41 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ............................. 57 
ISDA Fallback Rate ........................................ 57 
ISDA Rate ....................................................... 49 
Issue Date ........................................................ 41 
Issuer ........................................................... 2, 35 
Jet Zero ........................................................... 18 
LBD ................................................................ 52 
London Banking Day ...................................... 52 
M1 ............................................................. 38, 39 
M2 ............................................................. 38, 39 
Maltese CAD ................................................ 103 
Margin ............................................................. 42 
Material Subsidiary ......................................... 41 
Maturity Date .................................................. 42 
MAX ............................................................... 14 
Maximum Redemption Amount ..................... 42 
Member State ................................................... iv 
MiFID II ...................................................... 2, 78 
MiFID II Regulations .................................... 127 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ...................iii 
Minimum Redemption Amount ...................... 42 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 37 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 ........................................................................ 37 
Moody's ........................................................... 69 
MPS .............................................................. 102 
necessary information ..................................... 28 
New Global Note .............................................. 2 
New Safekeeping Structure ......................... 2, 33 
NG ................................................................. 101 
NGN ............................................................ 2, 29 
ni .......................................................... 52, 54, 59 
No Adjustment ................................................ 37 
NOK ................................................................. iv 
Note Certificate ............................................... 45 
Noteholder .......................................... 42, 45, 94

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
Notes........................................................... 2, 35 
NSS ...................................................... 2, 21, 33 
Numerator ....................................................... 61 
Observation Period ............................. 52, 54, 59 
Official List ...................................................... 2 
OHSA ........................................................... 111 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ............. 42 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put)............... 42 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ................... 42 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .................... 42 
Order......................................................... 1, 106 
p .......................................................... 52, 54, 60 
Państwowa Inspekcja Pracy ......................... 112 
Państwowa Inspekcja Sanitarna.................... 112 
Part 145 .......................................................... 13 
Participating Member State ............................ 42 
participating member states .......................... 122 
Paying Agents................................................. 35 
Payment Business Day ................................... 42 
Permanent Global Note .................................. 29 
Permitted Security Interest ............................. 47 
Person ............................................................. 42 
Polish CAA .................................................. 103 
Potential Change of Control Announcement .. 69 
pounds sterling ................................................ iv 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 37 
PricewaterhouseCoopers .............................. 129 
PRIIPs Regulation ..................................... iii, 78 
Principal Financial Centre .............................. 42 
Programme ................................................. 2, 35 
Prospectus Regulation ........................... 2, iv, 79 
Put Option Notice ........................................... 43 
Put Option Receipt ......................................... 43 
Rate of Interest ............................................... 43 
Rating Agencies ............................................. 69 
Recommendation .............................................. 6 
Record Date .............................................. 73, 94 
Redemption Amount ...................................... 43 
Reference Price............................................... 43 
Reference Rate ............................................... 43 
Reference Time .............................................. 57 
Registered Notes............................................. 35 
Registrar ......................................................... 35 
Regular Date ................................................... 43 
Regular Period ................................................ 43 
Regulation S ................................................ 1, iii 
Relevant Coupons ........................................... 71 
Relevant Date ................................................. 43 
Relevant Decimal Place .................................. 61 
Relevant Financial Centre .............................. 43 
Relevant Governmental Body ........................ 57 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................... 43 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................ 65 
Relevant Number of Index Days .................... 61 
relevant persons ........................................... 1, iv 
Relevant Screen Page ..................................... 44 
Relevant Time ................................................ 44 
Reserved Matter ............................................. 44 
resident of Japan ........................................... 127 
Responsible Persons .......................................... i 
retail investor ................................................ 126 
Ryanair ............................................................ 96 
Ryanair DAC .................................................. 96 
Ryanair Holdings ............................................ 96 
Ryanair UK ....................................................... 9 
S&P ................................................................... 2 
SAF ................................................................. 18 
screen scraper websites ................................. 113 
second currency .............................................. 77 
second Person ................................................. 44 
Securities Act ................................................ 1, ii 
Security Interest .............................................. 44 
Series ............................................................... 35 
SES2 ............................................................. 106 
SES2+ ........................................................... 106 
SFA .................................................... iv, 78, 127 
single European sky ...................................... 105 
SOFR ........................................................ 24, 55 
SOFR Administrator ....................................... 55 
SOFR Administrator's Website ....................... 55 
SOFR Compounded Index .............................. 61 
SOFR Determination Time ............................. 55 
SOFRi .............................................................. 55 
SONIA ...................................................... 24, 52 
SONIA Compounded Index ............................ 61 
SONIA Reference Rate ................................... 52 
SONIAi ........................................................... 52 
Specified Currency.......................................... 44 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................. 44 
Specified Future Date ..................................... 65 
Specified Office .............................................. 44 
Specified Period .............................................. 44 
Standard & Poor's ........................................... 69 
Start ................................................................. 61 
sterling ............................................................. iv 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 44 
sub-unit ..................................................... 48, 61 
Successor Rate ................................................ 65 
T2 .................................................................... 44 
Talon ............................................................... 44 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................... 44 
TEFRA C Rules .............................................. 29 
TEFRA D Rules .............................................. 29 
Temporary Global Note .................................. 29 
Termination Date ............................................ 50 
Tranche ........................................................... 35 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 35 
Treaty .............................................................. 44 
UK .......................................................... 2, iv, 78 
UK AOC ........................................................... 9 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 23 
UK CAA ........................................................... 9 
UK CRA Regulation ....................... 2, 88, 89, 90 
UK DfT ......................................................... 103 
UK MiFIR ....................................................... 78 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ...... iii, 78 
UK pounds sterling .......................................... iv 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................... iv, 78 
UK261 ............................................................. 16 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ............. 58

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Quarterly 
Financial Statements ....................................... 26 
United Kingdom .............................................. iv 
US dollars ........................................................ iv 
US Government Securities Business Day ...... 55 
US$ .................................................................. iv 
winter ................................................................ 8 
Y1 .............................................................. 38, 39 
Y2 .............................................................. 38, 39 
Zero Coupon Note........................................... 44

--- Page 144 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Ryanair Dublin Office 
Airside Business Park 
Swords 
Co. Dublin 
K67 NY94 
Ireland 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Ryanair Dublin Office 
Airside Business Park 
Swords 
Co. Dublin 
K67 NY94 
Ireland 
GLOBAL CO-ORDINATOR 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 Boulevard Royal  
2449 – Luxembourg 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009  
Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets  
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets  
Limited 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 
(Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Goodbody Stockbrokers UC 
2 Ballsbridge Park 
Ballsbridge 
Dublin 4 
Ireland 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
J&E Davy Unlimited Company  
Davy House 
49 Dawson Street 
Dublin  
Ireland 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H 
11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 145 ---
SMBC Bank EU AG  
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Irish law: 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
Arthur Cox LLP 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Irish law 
McCann FitzGerald 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AND THE GUARANTOR 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
In respect of the consolidated financial statements of 
the Guarantor for the year ended 31 March 2022: 
KPMG Chartered Accountants  
1 Stokes Place 
St Stephen's Green  
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
In respect of the consolidated financial statements of 
the Guarantor for the year ended 31 March 2023: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
One Spencer Dock 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland