--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
21 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S-BANK PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
 
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Covered Bonds and Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes 
Under this EUR 1,500,000,000 note issuance programme (the “Programme”), S-Bank Plc (hereinafter the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue senior 
preferred MREL eligible notes (“Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”), covered bonds under the Finnish Covered Bond Act (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022, as amended) (the “CBA”) (“Covered Bonds”) and additional tier 1 capital notes (the 
“AT1 Notes”), as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, Covered Bonds and AT1 Notes 
together the “Notes”) (“General Terms and Conditions”). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange 
maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”) as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant series of Notes (each a “Series”). 
Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (each a “Tranche of Notes”). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) should be read and construed together with any supplement or update hereto and with any other 
information incorporated by reference herein, and, with the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation 
to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “FIN-FSA”), neither the Issuer nor the Arranger have taken 
any action, nor will they take any action, to render the public offer of the Notes or their possession, or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
other documents relating to the Notes admissible in any jurisdiction requiring special measures to be taken for the purpose of a public offer. The Notes 
have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any other 
jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a person 
who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves with such 
risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term counterparty credit ratings BBB/A-2 by S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”). S&P is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). The Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above 
or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, and this Base Prospectus may not be used for the purpose of, 
or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public 
offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction outside of Finland. The Issuer, the Arrangers and the lead manager(s) of a specific Tranche of Notes (the “Lead 
Manager(s)”) expect persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the 
Issuer, the Arrangers nor the Lead Manager(s) accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser 
of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, 
Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to deliver the Notes and the Notes may not 
be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries. 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: PRIIPs Regulation / EEA Investor - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: UK PRIIPs Regulation / UK Investor - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, “S-Bank” or the “Group” refers to S-Bank Plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where context may otherwise require. 
All references to the “Issuer” refer to S-Bank Plc. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 (as amended), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as 
amended), the Finnish Securities Markets Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) (the “Finnish Securities Markets Act”) and the 
regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA. The FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in Finland, 
has approved this Base Prospectus on 21 December 2022 (journal number FIVA/2022/1777). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the 
correctness of the information contained herein. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of the Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will, as deemed necessary, supplement this Base Prospectus with updated information pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale nor delivery made hereunder shall create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or that the information herein is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to its attention. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of 
any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Lead Manager(s) that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. In making an investment 
decision, each investor should rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of the Issuer and the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes, 
including the risks and merits involved. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliated parties nor 
representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Notes regarding the legality of the investment by such person. Investors 
should make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment in the Notes. Additionally, 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. Notwithstanding the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) by Finnish 
laws or under the regulatory regime of any other jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or 
unenforceable, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any 
statement made or purported to be made by it, or on its behalf, regarding the Issuer and the Notes. The Arranger and the Lead Manager(s) accordingly 
disclaim any and all liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of 
this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s). Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or 
shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by the Arranger or Lead Manager(s) as to the future. Investors are advised to inform themselves of 
any stock exchange release published by the Issuer. The Notes are governed by Finnish law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be 
settled exclusively by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish law.

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................................................. II 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 6 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 29 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 30 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................................. 51 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................................. 57 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT ................................................................................................................................. 62 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ................................................................................................ 68 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS .............................................................. 69 
INFORMATION ON S-BANK ........................................................................................................................................ 70 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP ......................................................................................................................... 83 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS .............................................................................................................. 84 
TAXATION IN FINLAND .............................................................................................................................................. 87 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................ 89 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE .......................................................................................................................................... 90 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................................... 91

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This general description of the Programme must be read together with the other information included in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Issuer’s LEI: 
S-Bank Plc 
743700FTBNXAUN57RH30  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the 
Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
Arranger: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Lead Manager(s) of Tranche of Notes and possible 
other subscription places: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
Issuer and Paying Agent: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
Maximum amount of the Programme: 
EUR 1,500,000,000.  
The Issuer may increase the maximum amount. 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the General Terms and Conditions combined with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Note currencies: 
Euro. 
Term of Notes: 
Term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and 
Covered Bonds is a minimum of one (1) year. AT1 Notes will 
not have any final maturity date. 
Issue price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or floating, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the book-entry 
system of Euroclear Finland (“Euroclear Finland”).  
Status of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes: 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unguaranteed, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) at least pari passu with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are intended to be 
"eligible liabilities" which are available to count towards the 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer referred to in the Directive (EU) 
2014/59 (as amended) (“BRRD”) and the Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 (as amended) (“CRR”). 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer 
which benefit from the same priority right in accordance with 
the CBA.  
To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the 
Covered Bonds and claims of other creditors having the same 
priority in accordance with the CBA are not fully met out of 
the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the 
CBA, the residual claims of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer including but not limited to the 
obligations under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
See also “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
Status of the AT1 Notes: 
The Issuer expects the AT1 Notes to be AT1 Instruments of 
the Issuer. The AT1 Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, at all times, 
rank: 
1) 
pari passu without any preference among 
themselves; 
2) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which are recognised as 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” by the Competent 
Authority, and (b) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank equally with the AT1 Notes on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right 
to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
3) 
senior to holders of the Issuer’s CET1 instruments 
and any other obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior 
to the AT1 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
and 
4) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer, including

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
holders of Tier 2 Capital Instruments, other than 
the present or future claims of creditors that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to 
the AT1 Notes,  
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, 
including but not limited to the Finnish implementation of 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, 
Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
(luottolaitoslaki 610/2014, as amended) to the effect that 
claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in 
part) as own funds of the Issuer have a lower priority ranking 
than any claim that results from an item which does not qualify 
(whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer. 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange. Also unlisted Notes may be issued.  
Interest: 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating interest 
rate or zero coupon Notes. Zero coupon Notes will be offered 
and sold at a discount, at par or premium to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Interest Cancellation: 
Any payment of the interest on the AT1 Notes can only take 
place from the Issuer’s Distributable Items and may be 
cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion or mandatorily as required 
by Applicable Banking Regulation. 
Use of Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR to the extent floating rate interest is applicable 
according to the Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is the European 
Money Market Institute (EMMI). EMMI is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the 
European Securities and Market Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment 
funds 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
EURIBOR is now considered compliant according to the 
Benchmarks Regulation and has been added to ESMA’s 
Benchmark Register. 
Liquidity reserve: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds do not contain a liquidity 
reserve provision. 
Redemption: 
The nominal amount of the Notes. 
In relation to AT1 Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes only, they may be redeemed by the Issuer in the 
specified circumstances. 
The AT1 Notes are perpetual notes, which do not have any 
final maturity date. No redemption, as specified in Condition 
6.5 (Redemption as a result of a Capital Event) and 6.6 
(Redemption as a result of a Tax Event), of AT1 Notes may

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
take place without permission of the competent authority and 
no redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as 
specified in Condition 6.4 (Redemption as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event) and 6.6 (Redemption as a result of a 
Tax Event) may take place without the permission of the 
resolution authority. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
100,000. 
Substitution and variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and AT1 Notes as provided in 
Condition 23 (Substitution and variation) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Applicable law:  
Finnish law.  
Authorisation: 
The Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed/given on 13 
December 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes. 
Credit rating: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. If a Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme is to be rated, the rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and 
short-term counterparty credit ratings BBB/A-2 by S&P. The 
outlook is stable. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds do not 
have a rating from any credit agency, but the Issuer shall apply 
for the rating before the issuance of Covered Bonds. There is 
no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer or the Covered Bonds 
assigned by S&P will be maintained following the date of this 
Base Prospectus or that any other rating of any Series of Notes 
will be obtained or maintained. The Issuer may seek to obtain 
ratings from other credit rating agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investors considering investment in the Notes should carefully review the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including supplements hereto and any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. Factors possibly affecting the investment decision are also discussed elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves inherent risks. Should one or more of the risks described herein, or any other 
risk, materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
 
The following description is a summary of certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes or that are material in order to assess the market risk associated with the Notes. This description is based 
on the information known and assessed at the time of preparing this Base Prospectus, and, therefore, the following is not 
an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in the Notes and should 
be used as guidance only. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes issued under this Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not currently be able to anticipate. Most of the 
risk factors identified below are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks and uncertainties relating 
to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of 
the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of 
their investment.  
 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into nine categories based on their nature. These categories are:  
 
A. Risks associated with current Macroeconomic conditions; 
B. Risks associated with the Group’s operations;  
C. Risks associated with the Group’s operating environment; 
D. Risks related to the Group’s financial condition and financing;  
E. Risks associated with legal and regulatory environment; 
F. Risks related to the Notes generally; 
G. Risks related to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes; 
H. Risks related to the Covered Bonds; and 
I. 
Risks related to the AT1 Notes. 
 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation is presented 
first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended 
to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their materialisation. The order of the risk categories 
does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors nor their relative probability within that category, 
when compared to the risk factors in another category. 
 
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consult with 
their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.  
 
Capitalised words and expressions in this section shall have the respective meaning defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
A. Risks associated with current macroeconomic conditions 
Uncertain global economic and financial market conditions together with increasing inflation and interest rates may 
increase the Group’s credit risk and affect the Group’s financial results 
 
The Group’s performance is significantly influenced by domestic and global macroeconomic circumstances and 
developments. Relevant macroeconomic factors to the Group are, without limitation, development of interest rates, 
development of household’s income, domestic unemployment ratio, housing market development and development of 
global and domestic economic and financial markets. The uncertainty relating to the financial markets may create 
economic and financial disruptions and even a financial crisis. As the interest rates are increasing and state debt levels 
remain high and continue to increase in some countries, including Finland, it is possible that the global economy will fall 
into a recession, which could be deeper and last longer than the one experienced in 2008 and 2009.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
During the first nine months of 2022, inflation in Finland and in the eurozone area continued to increase. Inflation was 
fuelled e.g. by the rapid surge in aggregate demand in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic as well as supply chain 
constrains affecting the aggregate supply. The Russian invasion in Ukraine and the subsequent significant increase in 
energy prices further fuelled inflation. The inflationary developments affect all sectors of the economy. Spurred on by 
the increasing inflation, the short-term and long-term interest rates in the eurozone, which had remained moderate for a 
long time, began to increase rapidly during the spring of 2022. In July of 2022, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") 
decided to raise the key interest rates and cease the net asset purchases under its sizeable asset purchase programmes. In 
September and October 2022, the ECB decided again to raise the key interest rates.The ECB is expected to continue to 
hike the policy rates until the inflation is brought under control. These actions have a delayed effect on the economy and 
the interest rate hikes have so far had only a limited effect on the economy. Income generation in the Group’s retail 
banking is significantly affected by changes in the interest rate level. Interest rate risk arises when interest rate fixing 
periods or interest rate bases for assets and those for liabilities are mismatched. Net interest income comprises a substantial 
part of the Group’s total income. The recent increase in interest rates have been beneficial to the Group, since higher 
interest rate levels have a positive impact on the Group’s net interest income. 
Increasing interest rates and inflation with rising energy prices might cause negative effects on the Group’s clients by 
reducing investments and may, therefore, also expose the Issuer to increased credit risk. Credit risk refers to losses of the 
Issuer when some counterparty to the Issuer, usually the debtor, is unable to fulfil its payment obligations and the value 
of collateral for the credit is not sufficient to cover the creditor’s receivables. S-Bank focuses on offering retail customer 
loans, and it also selectively grants corporate loans. For retail customers, S-Bank provides, among other, mortgage loans, 
renovation loans, car loans, secured investment loans, student loans, credit card loans and other secured and unsecured 
consumer loans. The inflation and recent rise of interest rates, have decreased consumers’ purchasing power and spending 
as basic housing and living expenses have taken up an increasing amount of household income. This might increase 
defaults, credit losses and impairments and may adversely affect the housing loan demand, which may adversely affect 
the Issuer’s financial results.  
The Group’s housing loan portfolio is for the most part secured by residential immovable property collateral. In corporate 
lending, the Group is focused on secured housing association loans. The collateral portfolio for housing association loans 
consists mainly of residential properties. During the first nine month of 2022, trading on the housing market has declined 
as higher interest rates and economic uncertainty has slowed down consumption. Construction of new housing has slowed 
down, which has kept supply in check and supported prices. If the housing prices decrease, the value of the collaterals 
decrease and the Issuer might be exposed to increased credit risk. The prevailing market circumstances make it difficult 
to estimate the future increase in the size of credit risk and future loan losses that the Issuer is exposed to. The amount of 
non-performing loans in the balance sheet was EUR 52.1 million on 30 September 2022 (EUR 39.3 million on 31 
December 2021). 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine and the severe tensions between Russia and Belarus on one hand and the members of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the western countries on the other hand have caused and may cause 
further disruptions to the global economy, financial markets, and the Group’s business environment, particularly, if even 
stricter sanctions and/or trade restrictions are imposed by the western countries and/or Russia, or, if the war escalates or 
expands to other countries or regions or there are hybrid warfare operations or sabotage against Finland or affecting the 
Finnish economy directly or indirectly. Due to Finland’s geographical location and significant trade with Russia in recent 
decades including in the energy sector and significant number of Finnish companies having operated in Russia, the Finnish 
economy is likely to be affected more by the war in Ukraine and its consequences than the global and/or European 
economy in general. The economic effects on Finland are manifold and probably significantly greater than what could be 
inferred from the contraction in Russian trade directly on the basis of trade weight. The freezing of Russian trade due to 
both sanctions and the voluntary withdrawal of companies from the Russian market will weaken export growth. Due to 
the sanctions and payment restrictions imposed on Russia following the Russian invasion in Ukraine, S-Bank has 
interrupted payment transmissions with Russian and Belarusian banks for the time being.  
B. Risks associated with the Group’s operations 
The Group may be exposed to risk relating to the outflow of deposits and availability of funding 
 
On 30 September 2022, deposits accounted for EUR 7,912.2 million and 89 per cent (EUR 7,554.9 million and 89 per 
cent on 31 December 2021) of the Group’s total funding. The Group’s funding totalled EUR 8,909 million as on 30 
September 2022 (EUR 8,500.9 million on 31 December 2021). Should the Group encounter a significant outflow of 
deposits, the Group’s funding structure would change substantially, and it may be unable to convert all parts of its 
investments into cash in order to cover the funds withdrawn by depositors. Furthermore, replacing the deposits with 
alternative funding instruments may require time. The outflow of deposits could therefore have a material adverse effect

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
on the Group’s average cost of funding, liquidity position, results of operations and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group’s failure to maintain adequate liquidity may cause inability to meet its payment obligations 
 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in customer deposits, funding and treasury operations. Liquidity risk is defined as 
a risk of the bank being unable to meet its payment obligations in due time or that it will be forced to fund its liquidity 
obligations at an unfavourable cost. Liquidity risk arises from the difference between the maturities of cash in- and 
outflows. Generally, the role of banks in maturity conversion, in which short-term deposits are used for long-term lending, 
exposes banks to liquidity risk.  
 
The Group’s minimum requirement for liquidity management is that it meets the minimum reserve requirement of the 
central bank, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the “LCR”) -requirement, as well as the Net Stable Funding Ratio (the 
“NSFR”) -requirement set by the authorities. The LCR ratio is used to monitor the Group’s liquid assets and manage 
medium-term liquidity risk. The NSFR, a longer-term liquidity indicator, is used to measure the structural liquidity risk 
in the banking business and on the balance sheet. At the date of this Base Prospectus the Group’s minimum requirement 
of the LCR set by the regulator is 100 per cent and the minimum requirement of the NSFR set by the regulator is 100 per 
cent. 
 
At the end of the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022, the Group’s LCR ratio was 160.5 per cent compared 
to 149.9 per cent on 31 December 2021. The LCR liquidity buffer was EUR 1.67 billion on 30 September 2022 compared 
to EUR 1.65 billion on 31 December 2021 and the net outflows during the nine-month period ended on 30 September 
2022 were EUR 1.04 billion compared to EUR 1.10 billion on 31 December 2021. The NSFR ratio was 154.0 per cent at 
the end of the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022 compared to 151.15 per cent on 31 December 2021. 
 
The Group may incur additional liquidity risk due to bank- or market-specific issues, which include withdrawals of 
deposits in different customer segments; an increase in the utilisation rate of (committed and uncommitted) credit lines 
and limits; an increase in the Group’s collateral requirements; an increase in the Group’s own funding costs; problems in 
the functioning of debt capital markets that temporarily prevent utilisation of bonds to secure liquidity; and a decrease in 
securities’ mark-to-market prices in the liquidity portfolio due to a weakened market environment. Failure to manage 
liquidity risks may materially increase the Group’s funding costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
 
The amount of assets under management on which fee income is based may decrease, the pricing of services may need 
to be revised and there is uncertainty of certain future fee income of the Group 
 
The amount of assets under management of the Group on 30 September 2022 was EUR 7,049.8 million (EUR 7,697.1 
million on 31 December 2021). This consisted of fund capital which accounted for EUR 3,618.2 million (compared to 
EUR 3,786.1 million on 31 December 2021) and of wealth management capital which accounted for EUR 3,431.5 million 
(EUR 3,911.0 million on 31 December 2021). The fund cooperation between S-Bank and LocalTapiola ended in the 
fourth quarter of 2021. For the purposes of comparison, excluding the LocalTapiola funds, the Group’s funds at the end 
of 2020 were 6,496.5 million. In 2021, there was a growth of 18.5 per cent. Comparable assets under management grew 
from 6.5 billion to 7.7 billion. At the end of 2020, fund capital accounted for 2,867.8 million and wealth capital 
management accounted for 3,628.7 million. The net subscriptions of the Group and S-Bank funds in the nine-month 
period ended on 30 September 2022 were EUR 106.8 million compared to EUR 238.8 million in the nine-month period 
ended on 30 September 2021. Asset management fees are paid to the Group as fee income, which is directly proportional 
to the size of the funds it manages. In addition, the Group has the option of receiving transaction fees and performance 
fees, the future amounts or continuity of which are uncertain. 
 
Weak development of the funds managed by the Group or in connection with asset management, intensifying competition 
or other reasons beyond the Group's control may result in unit holders or asset management clients of funds managed by 
the Group reducing, redeeming or transferring their assets to competitors. For the reasons mentioned above or for other 
reasons, the acquisition of new unit holders or clients of the asset management service may also become more difficult in 
the future. Unfavourable market developments can also lead to a decrease in the value of assets under management and 
thus a decrease in the amount of assets under management, which would reduce management fees. It is also possible that 
due to increasing competition, the Group will have to consider revising the pricing of its services. The materialisation of 
the above risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s fee income, results of operations and financial condition 
and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
The Group’s risk management may not be adequate 
 
Due to the nature of the Group’s operations, risks and risk management are critical to the business management and the 
management of changes in the operating environment. The Group’s primary objective of risk management is to maintain 
the level of profitability, capital adequacy and liquidity above the minimum target levels defined by the board of directors 
of the Issuer, manage reputation risk, credit risk, information security risk and risks related to cyber threats as well as to 
secure disturbance-free operations in both the short and long terms.  
 
Various credit risk models are used in calculating the impairment of financial instruments, and they require estimates of 
the likelihood of default and the amount of credit loss involved. The calculations also take economic forecasts into 
account. These tools and metrics may fail to predict, or predict incorrectly, future risk exposures which could lead to 
unexpected losses for the Group. 
 
Inadequate risk management or faults in applied risk models or any other failure in risk management could cause 
substantial losses and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Failure to successfully integrate acquisitions or carrying out divestments may result in operational problems and 
increasing costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
 
The Group has carried out and may also in the future carry out acquisitions. 
 
The management of the target companies may play a key role in the continuation of the target company's customer 
relationships. Disputes with potential other shareholders, management or other employees of the target company in 
connection with the acquisition or at a later date may have an adverse effect on the integration and day-to-day business 
of the target company. Failure to integrate the Group's acquisitions or other failure to achieve the profitability targets set 
for them may result in operational problems and costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. S-Bank may also consider divestments and partnerships from time to time. 
There can be no guarantee that S-Bank will be successful in the implementation of such partnerships or that they 
materialise as planned.  
 
The Group may be unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position 
 
The Group’s banking licence is dependent upon, among other things, the fulfilment of capital adequacy requirements in 
accordance with applicable regulations which are the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 
2014/610, as amended) (the “Credit Institutions Act”) and the CRR. Under the act and regulation, the Issuer is primarily 
supervised by the FIN-FSA. The Group’s capital structure and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the Group’s 
credit ratings and the availability and costs of funding operations. The Group’s capital structure and cost of funding may 
change, for example, due to issues of further subordinated debt under the Issuer’s debenture programme. Moreover, the 
absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the Group’s growth and strategic options. Significant 
unforeseen losses may create a situation where the Group is unable to maintain its desired capital structure.  
 
The Issuer’s capital adequacy is affected by the possible changes in capital and risk exposure amount (“REA”) in the 
future. The capital position is affected by, for example, profit after tax, the distribution of dividends, immaterial rights, 
changes in fair value reserve as well as the difference between impairments and expected loan losses. REA is affected by, 
for example, the amount of lending and risk weights of the loans, the amount of exposures in default and other receivables 
and assets, as well as operational risks. 
 
Negative changes in the Group’s capital adequacy position, such as a decrease in capital or an increase in risk exposure 
amounts, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s credit rating, on the availability and cost of the Group’s funding 
and, consequently, have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
Operational risks may have a negative effect on the Issuer’s business and reputation 
 
Operational risk refers to the possibility of losses arising from unclear or inadequate processes, deficient systems, actions 
by the personnel or external factors. Operational risks at S-Bank include internal and external malpractice, problems 
related to working conditions and safety, property damage, disruptions, malfunction and interruption damage related to 
the IT system and issues with processes. Operational risk constituted 10 per cent of the Group’s total REA at the end of 
the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022 (10 per cent on 31 December 2021).

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
 
During the period from 20 April to 5 August 2022 a rare system malfunction affected authentication with online banking 
IDs. This problem was exploited by a very small group of individuals logging into the online bank as another customer, 
making unauthorised payments and logging into third-party online services. A few hundred customers were affected and 
the malfunction was corrected as soon as it was detected. This event and possible future decisions by the Group concerning 
its operations, and the selection of services and products it offers and the selection of service providers as well as factors 
outside the control of the Group may have a negative effect on the Group’s brand. 
 
The consequences of realised operational risks may include financial losses or a deterioration in S-Bank’s reputation and 
its esteem and trustworthiness in the eyes of the public. The occurrence of any of these consequences could adversely 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.  
 
The Group’s operating conditions are dependent on uninterrupted functioning of IT systems and outsource services 
and renewal of systems may cause considerable costs to the Group 
 
The Group relies on IT systems and telecommunications connections for communication with its stakeholders and in 
daily business operations in banking, asset management, risk management and business functions. The functioning of the 
Group’s information systems may be interrupted for any number of reasons, for example, due to ongoing IT system 
development projects, subcontractors’ problems, power outages, information security breaches or major accidents, such 
as fire or natural disaster, and due to realisation of other operational risks such as an error on the part of the Group’s own 
employees. If the operation of IT or telecommunications systems is interrupted, it may cause significant financial losses 
to the Group and to its customers, as well as damage the Group’s brand and reputation in a materially adverse manner 
and thereby affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Changes in business needs, legislation, guidelines or interpretations of the authorities may also obligate the Group to 
upgrade its IT and telecommunications systems, to make investments to develop or replace its existing systems, or 
otherwise increase the Group’s IT infrastructure expenditure. If the Group’s IT or telecommunications systems need to 
be extensively replaced or upgraded, it may cause unexpected costs and onerous projects within the Group and thereby 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to brand, reputation and market rumours 
 
The Group relies on its well-known and respected brand and good reputation in Finland when competing for customers. 
In 2022, the Finns chose S-Bank as the most sustainable bank brand for the tenth consecutive year in the Sustainable 
Brand Index survey. Additionally, S-Bank was chosen as the most highly valued brand in the Finnish financial sector for 
the fifth consecutive year.1 
 
Negative developments in the Group’s reputation and brand as well as negative views of consumers concerning the 
Group’s sustainability may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group collects and processes personal data as part of its daily business and the leakage of such data or failure to 
process the data in accordance with applicable regulation could result in fines and loss of reputation and customers 
 
In the ordinary course of operations, the Group collects, stores and uses data that is protected by data protection laws. 
The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to the Issuer and it is subject to increasing data security 
requirements. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) entered into force on 25 May 
2018. The GDPR applies to all processing of personal data, meaning any operation performed upon identifiable 
information of an individual (data subject) within the EU. In addition, the GDPR applies to the offering of goods and 
services in the EU and to the monitoring of data subjects’ behaviour within the EU, regardless of the location of the 
company. Breaches of the GDPR could result in fines of up to 4 per cent of the worldwide annual turnover or EUR 20 
million (whichever is higher). 
 
 
1 Sources: Tutkimus: S-Pankki suomalaisten mielestä vastuullisin pankki jo kymmenennen kerran (in Finnish) 24 March 2022, Sustainable Brand 
Index; 15-vuotias S-Pankki finanssialan arvostetuin brändi viidettä vuotta perättäin (in Finnish) 8 September 2022, Taloustutkimus: Brand Valuation 
survey 2022.

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
It is possible that the personal data systems may be misused or the Group may fail to protect personal data in accordance 
with the privacy requirements provided under applicable laws, and certain customer data may be used inappropriately 
either intentionally or unintentionally, or leaked as a result of human error, technological failure or cyber-attack.  
 
For example, during the period from 20 April to 5 August 2022 a rare system malfunction affected authentication with 
online banking IDs which affected a few hundred customers. This event resulted in personal data leakages, as a small 
group of individuals were able to log into the online bank as another customer and make unauthorised payments and log 
into third-party online services. This event and other possible personal data leakages in the future may have a negative 
effect on the Group’s brand (see “Information on S-Bank – Legal proceedings”). 
 
Violation of data protection laws by the Group or one of its partners or suppliers, or any leakage of customer data may 
result in fines and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Realisation of any system and information security risks could adversely affect the Group’s business and reputation 
 
The Group’s daily operations process a large number of transactions which are in part highly complex, relying on the 
secure processing, storage and transfer of confidential and other information in the Group’s IT systems and information 
networks. S-Asiakaspalvelu Oy, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, provides some of these data processing and 
other services related to a credit institution’s core operations, in its capacity as a service company as provided for by the 
Credit Institutions Act. The data processing activities include, for example, an automated system for processing unsecured 
credit. The Group also stores personal and banking secrecy information provided by its customers, and hence its 
operations depend on confidential and secure data processing. Any failure in these matters could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s reputation and business and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
C. Risks associated with the Group’s operating environment 
The Group is exposed to a possible decline in the values of housing and residential property 
 
The Group’s total lending on 30 September 2022 was EUR 6,610.3 million (EUR 6,086.0 million on 31 December 2021). 
81 per cent (82 per cent on 31 December 2021) of the total lending were loans with housing or residential property as 
collateral to private customers and housing companies in Finland. Therefore, the development of the Finnish housing and 
residential property markets is of key importance for the Group's business. 
 
Housing and residential property values are affected by a number of factors including interest rates, inflation, economic 
growth, business environment, availability of credit, property taxation, unemployment rates, demographical factors and 
construction activity. The development of housing and residential property markets may vary significantly between 
different regions in Finland, as the impact of certain structural changes may differ in individual economic regions. The 
Group focuses on directing mortgage loans regionally to growth centres, such as large cities and the surrounding 
municipalities, where price trends have been positive. However, the Group has also directed mortgage loans to regions 
where the housing and residential properties as collaterals are located in more sparsely populated areas or in areas with 
decreasing population, in which areas the housing and residential property values have generally decreased and risk for 
further decrease is higher. If the state of the Finnish housing and residential property markets deteriorates, for example, 
as a result of high inflation and a recession, and the value of the apartments and the properties provided as collaterals 
decreases, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operation, financial condition and 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The value of other collateral, including but not limited to financial 
status of a guarantor, may change negatively in the course of time. Furthermore, any other negative economic 
development, political decisions or rapid contraction in the labour market may also adversely affect the Group’s 
customers’ and possible customers’ loan and investment appetite in respect of housing and residential property, for 
example, due to an increase in unemployment, payment difficulties and/or other phenomena following the increased 
tensions between western countries and Russia or any other reason.  
 
The market for the Group’s core business areas has a high level of competition 
 
S-Bank focuses on offering products and services to household customers, while also offering targeted services to selected 
corporate customers. The financial services market remains highly competitive in the local and regional markets where 
the Group operates. The Group competes with Finnish and international operators. Some of the competitors have been 
active in the market for a long time, but some new entrants have also recently entered the market. The current competitive 
situation and operating environment are characterised in particular by a stark rise in global inflation and increasing interest 
rates from historically low levels. The uncertainty caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the significant increase in

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
energy prices and inflation rate and, the subsequent contraction in economic activity is not expected to ease the current 
competitive situation. Also, the Coronavirus pandemic benefited new operators that utilise digital business models, and 
this may accelerate the change in the competitive environment to the detriment of the Group. 
 
The key factors for the competitiveness of market participants are their credit ratings, financial position and solvency, 
availability and quality of the services, reputation along with the breadth of the product and service offering. If the Group 
is unable to provide sufficiently competitive service and product range, the Group may lose market share or suffer losses 
in some or all of its business areas, for example, due to unsuccessful digitalisation of its banking services. The Group’s 
profitability may also decline due to intense competition, which puts pressure on the bank's product and service portfolio. 
If the Group is unable to respond to the prevailing competitive situation, it may have a material adverse effect on the 
business of the Group, its financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which the Group operates 
 
Payment defaults, bank runs and other types of financial distress or difficulties in a foreign or domestic bank or other 
financial institution may lead to a series of liquidity problems and losses as well as payment and other difficulties in other 
companies operating in the financial sector, due to the interconnectedness of the domestic and global financial systems 
and capital markets. If one financial institution experiences difficulties, it could have spill-over effects on other institutions 
through, for example, lending, trading, clearing and other linkages between financial institutions. These types of risks are 
called ‘systemic risks’ and they can have a significant negative impact on markets in which the Group operates on a daily 
basis which can, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. It has been considered that increasing energy prices and the 
high inflation have increased chances that acute liquidity or other financial problems arise in some part of the financial 
system. 
 
D. Risks related to the Group’s financial condition and financing 
Price development in money and capital markets  
 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and credit spreads may affect the Group’s business results of operations and 
financial condition. The price development of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Group’s banking 
book which also includes equity, foreign exchange and, to a less extent, real estate risks, and in the amount of revenues 
generated from assets under management. The war in Ukraine and rise in global tensions, problems with supply chains, 
the increasing levels of inflation and interest rates all contribute to instability of markets. They may cause significant 
effects on the money and capital markets, posing difficulties for the Group to obtain funding at competitive terms. If 
financial markets perform against expectations and/or if prepared estimates and predictions or liquidity conditions prove 
to be inaccurate or inadequate due to the unstable financial situation or for any other reason, the Group’s financial 
condition and ability to obtain reasonably priced financing from capital markets could be adversely affected. 
 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk, spread risk and other market risks 
 
S-Bank’s market risk mainly consists of the structural interest rate risk in the banking book of the banking business 
(lending and deposits taking) and the treasury unit’s interest rate risk, as well as the market risk arising from the credit 
risk component of debt securities, known as the spread risk at S-Bank. Additionally, the Group’s banking book also 
includes equity, foreign exchange and real estate risks to a less significant extent. 
 
Most of the Group’s market risk arises from the interest rate risk in the banking book (the “IRRBB”). The IRRBB is 
reviewed as a structural interest rate risk in the banking business (lending and deposits taking) and as the interest rate risk 
of debt securities in the treasury unit’s portfolio. The Group uses derivatives to hedge the interest rate risk on the banking 
book. Hedging derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and forward rate agreements. The structural interest rate risk 
in the financial accounts of the banking activities arises from divergent interest rates and maturities of receivables and 
liabilities, as a result of which the future net interest income of banking operations is not fully predictable. Interest rate 
risk is managed through the planning of the balance sheet structure and interest rate linkages, as well as through interest 
rate derivatives. An interest rate risk arises in the investment portfolio when the values of debt securities in the portfolio 
change as a result of fluctuations in market rates (price risk). The price risk relates to the market price sensitivity of 
balance sheet items, as well as to the effects of market price fluctuations on fair value. Price risk is the present-value 
interest rate risk affecting both the balance sheet’s ongoing valuation items and the fixed rate loans related to the treasury 
unit’s investment activities.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
The spread risk arises from fixed-rate and floating-rate bonds in the treasury unit’s portfolio and is related to a change in 
the market’s general opinion of the creditworthiness of an investment instrument’s issuer, or to a shift in the general 
market sentiment towards investments that involve a credit risk, due to which the investments depreciate in value. 
 
The fair value of financial instruments held by the Group in investment activities is sensitive to volatility of and 
correlations between various market variables, including interest rates and credit spreads. Materialised market risks 
relating to investment activities could require the Group to recognise negative fair value changes. Any of such events, as 
well as a failure to manage interest rate risk and spread risk, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operation and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
E. Risks associated with legal and regulatory environment  
The Group is exposed to regulation and oversight risks 
 
The Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive supervisory and regulatory 
regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European Union. The Group must meet the requirements 
set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial 
information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms of business and permitted 
investments, liabilities and payment of dividends. Changes in legislation, regulations and procedures of the authorities, 
interpretations concerning their application as well as court decisions could adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Group. In addition, certain decisions made by the Group may require approval 
or notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
 
The Group faces the risk that regulators may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken 
corrective action as required. In December 2019, the FIN-FSA imposed a penalty payment on the Issuer and issued a 
public warning to FIM Asset Management Ltd for omissions in customer due diligence. 
 
In September 2021, the FIN-FSA imposed a penalty payment of EUR 1.65 million on the Issuer for omissions in the 
process of detection of suspicious transactions under Article 16(2) of MAR reporting the same to the FIN-FSA in relation 
to the Issuer’s past brokerage business between July 2016 and November 2018. The referred brokerage business was 
under a closing up procedure prior to initiation of the FIN-FSA’s related inquiry in September 2018, has since been closed 
up, and the Issuer does not conduct brokerage business on the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
On 10 November 2021, the FIN-FSA sent a letter to the Issuer in relation to certain customer groups of the Issuer claiming 
that the Issuer should justify the treatment of the customers as independent not connected clients under Article 4(1)(39) 
of the CRR and related EBA Guidelines (EBA/GL/2017/15), failing which, the FIN-FSA would order that the customers 
are treated as connected clients. On 6 July 2022, the FIN-FSA made a decision regarding the Issuer concerning the 
formation of certain client groups. According to the FIN-FSA, the Issuer has not fully complied with the regulations on 
establishing interconnectedness based on economic dependency. The FIN-FSA required the Issuer to form certain groups 
of connected clients in accordance with applicable legislation by 31 October 2022. The Issuer has taken actions to comply 
with the requirements within the time limit set by the FIN-FSA. 
 
On 18 March 2022 the Issuer received a supervisory letter from the FIN-FSA. In the letter, the FIN-FSA suspected that 
the Issuer has neglected its obligation under Article 9(1) of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012 (the “EMIR”) to verify that all derivative contracts the Issuer has entered into have been reported to a trade 
repository. On 25 August 2022, the FIN-FSA imposed an administrative fine of EUR 60,000 on the Issuer. According to 
the FIN-FSA, the Issuer did not verify the performance of its reporting related to its derivatives contracts with adequate 
care. The inadequacies in reporting did not affect the Issuer or its customers, and the decision taken by FIN-FSA does not 
require any action on the part of the customers. 
 
These regulatory proceedings and possible future regulatory proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative 
perceptions regarding, the Group, as well as diverting management’s attention away from the day-to-day management of 
the business. A significant regulatory action against the Group could have a material adverse effect on the business of the 
Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. This may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
 
Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act and the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer is currently classified 
as a high impact less significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Issuer under the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (the “SSM”) is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
directly supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied 
consistently. 
 
On 16 April 2019 the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (the BRRD as 
amended, the “BRRD II”, and all proposals together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package 
includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes 
and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published 
a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was published 
in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019, and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules have applied since 
mid-2021. However, certain requirements of the Banking Reform Package have not yet taken full effect, as these 
requirements are intended to enter into force gradually. It is not possible to predict all the potential impacts the Banking 
Reform Package may have on the business of credit institutions before it has been fully implemented. 
 
Other areas where changes could have an impact include, among others, (i) changes in the monetary economy, the interest 
rate and the policies of central banks or regulatory authorities; (ii) general changes in government policy or regulatory 
policy which may have a material impact on investor decisions in specific markets in which the Group operates; (iii) 
changes in the maximum loan-to-value ratio for housing loans (loan cap); (iv) changes in the competitive environment 
and pricing; and (v) changes in the financial statements framework. 
 
Any of the risks detailed above, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on refinancing opportunities, capital 
adequacy, business operations, financial standing, cost structure, business results, prospects and payment capabilities of 
the Group as well as on the value of the Notes. 
 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
 
The Group must comply with numerous capital requirements and standards. Recent and possible future changes to capital 
adequacy and liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise additional Tier 1, common 
equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital by way of further issuances of securities and could result in existing Tier 1 and Tier 2 
securities ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s regulatory capital, either at the same level as at present or at all. See also 
“Regulatory Environment – Capital requirements and standards”. Also, any updates to the Pillar 2 capital requirement 
by the FIN-FSA could affect the Group´s capital position negatively. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased 
regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in 
intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s, 
business, financial condition and results of operations and may also have other effects on the Group’s financial 
performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of 
sanctions. 
 
The FIN-FSA has decided to remove the additional capital requirement referred to in Chapter 10, Sections 4 and 6a of 
the Credit Institutions Act, determined on the basis of the structural characteristics of the financial system (systemic risk 
buffer). See also “Regulatory Environment – Capital requirements and standards”. Removing the additional capital 
requirement together with other easing may cause unexpected effects and their impact on the Group and the economy as 
a whole is uncertain. In addition, if the eased capital or other prudential requirements are tightened in the future to their 
levels existing prior to the Coronavirus pandemic or even higher, it may adversely affect the Group. 
 
Stock exchange listing has brought increased regulation 
 
The Issuer announced on 27 September 2021 its decision to issue a EUR 170 million Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes and on 8 June 2022 an increase (a tap issue) of EUR 50 million to the original amount of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes. The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes have been listed on Helsinki Stock Exchange based 
on a listing application submitted on 4 October 2021. The listing of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes has 
increased regulation and oversight of the Group’s business operations, such as increased requirements concerning the 
obligation to provide regular and on-going information. 
 
In its capacity as a provider of investment services, the Issuer is subject to the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
(the “MAR”) and obligations to prevent and counter market manipulation and abuse. MAR imposes a range of regulatory 
requirements that will be new for the Issuer in its capacity as an issuer of listed financial instruments and violations of 
MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or even criminal sanctions. MAR also contains

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
rules on, among other things, procedures relating to the maintenance of insider lists and the disclosure of managers’ 
transactions.  
 
If the Issuer was deemed to have neglected the obligations incumbent upon investment service providers or issuers of 
listed notes, this may lead to sanctions under MAR and related regulation as well as to negative publicity, which in turn 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business operations, its performance or its financial position and have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group's reputation.

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or 
the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money laundering or financing of terrorism 
is always in the background for financial institutions. In addition, financial institutions, such as the Group, are subject to 
various legal regimes and requirements that concern trade regulation and sanctions adherence. On the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the Group observes the sanctions regimes of Finland, the European Union, the United Nations and the Office 
of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States. Any breach of trade regulations or sanctions regimes, or rules 
that aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system, or even the suspicion of such infringements could have 
grave legal consequences for the Group and/or its reputation, or result in significant penalty payments, or jeopardize the 
Group’s access to capital markets or international payment systems which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business operations, its performance or its financial position. For more information, see “Information on 
S-Bank – Legal Proceedings”. 
 
F. Risks related to the Notes generally 
Adverse change in the Issuer’s credit rating may significantly reduce the Issuer’s access to the debt markets and result 
in increased interest rates on future debt 
 
Any material deterioration in the Issuer’s existing credit ratings may significantly reduce its access to the debt markets 
and result in increased interest rates on future debt. A downgrade in the Issuer’s credit ratings may result from factors 
specific to the Issuer or from other factors such as general economic weakness or sovereign credit rating ceilings. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
 
The domestic implementation of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive created a new asset class of “senior non-
preferred” debt, and a specific ranking order for a credit institution’s debt, which might affect the Group or the Notes 
 
The European Commission published on 12 December 2017 Directive (EU) 2017/2399 regarding the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”). The Insolvency Hierarchy 
Directive creates a new category of “senior non-preferred” debt. The Issuer may need to further amend its debt structure 
due to the new category of “senior non-preferred” debt, and such debt is likely more expensive for the Issuer compared 
to the issuance of “senior preferred” debt. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive was implemented in Finland through, inter 
alia, the Credit Institutions Act and the amendments entered into force in November 2018. Pursuant to the domestic 
implementation of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive, credit institutions such as the Issuer have a specific debt ranking 
order in an insolvency situation. In addition, the amendment entitles credit institutions to agree on the ranking of non-
preferred financial instruments in accordance with the EU legislation. Categorisation as “senior non-preferred” debt 
requires a specific reference in the terms and conditions of a debt instrument. Until the domestic regulatory and/or legal 
practice concerning the new ranking order is developed, it is uncertain how the amendment will affect the Group or the 
evaluation of the Notes. Although the Programme does not cover the issuance of senior non-preferred debt instruments, 
the Issuer may decide to issue senior non-preferred debt instruments in the future, which may affect the Group or the 
evaluation of the Notes. 
 
There may not be an active trading market for the Notes 
 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may not be an active trading 
market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Group. Although applications may be made for the Notes to be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, 
there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes. 
 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
 
Investment in fixed-interest Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. 
 
Risks related to floating interest rate Notes (should such an instrument be issued by the Issuer) involves a risk that 
subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the market value of the Notes until the date of the ongoing 
interest period in question.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
Interest rate risks 
 
The Notes may be subject to a floating rate interest plus a margin if specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable 
Final Terms also specify how many business days prior to the first day of each interest period shall the interest rate of the 
Notes be determined. Hence, the interest rate may be adjusted for changes in the level of the general interest rate. The 
general interest rate level is to a high degree affected among others by the European and the international financial 
development and is outside the Group’s control. Risks related to floating interest rate Notes (should such an instrument 
be issued by the Issuer) involves a risk that subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the market value 
of the Notes until the date of the ongoing interest period in question. 
 
Modification of the terms and conditions bind all Noteholders 
 
The General Terms and Conditions include certain provisions regarding noteholders’ meetings. Such meetings may be 
held in order to resolve on matters relating to the Noteholders’ interests, among other, concerning amendment of terms 
of the Notes. The General Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders 
who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened 
and conducted noteholders’ meeting. Consequently, there is a risk that the actions of the majority in such matters will 
impact a Noteholder’s rights in a manner that is undesirable for some of the Noteholders. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such “benchmarks” 
 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent EU, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including the Benchmarks Regulation 
(see “Regulatory Environment – Benchmarks Regulation”). Changes to any of the above could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the ”benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with 
respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
The Issuer has no gross-up obligation under the Notes  
The Issuer has no obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of any Notes. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of 
principal or interest under any Notes, such Noteholders would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes or payment 
of interest, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption, repayment or interest proceeds after deduction 
of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under such 
Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
The Notes do not contain covenants on the Issuer’s financial standing or operations and do not limit the Issuer’s 
ability to merge, effect asset sales or otherwise effect significant transactions that may have a material adverse effect 
on the Notes and the Noteholders  
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any covenants concerning the Issuer’s financial standing 
or operations, which grant the Noteholders the right of repayment (or demand repayment) of the Notes in certain limited 
circumstances. The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the Issuer’s ability to enter into a merger 
as a receiving entity, partial demerger, asset sale or other significant transaction that could materially alter the Issuer’s

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
existence, legal structure of organization or regulatory regime and/or its composition and business. If the Issuer was to 
enter into such a transaction, Noteholders could be negatively impacted. 
G. Risks related to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
The regime under the BRRD directive enables authorities to take a range of actions in relation to financial institutions, 
which actions or any contemplation thereof may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment 
 
The Notes could be subject to bail-in power. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will 
be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of the S-Bank’s control. The application of the bail-in tool with respect to the Notes may result in the cancellation of all 
or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes (however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to the 
extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool) and/or 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, 
the Notes (however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool) into ordinary shares or other securities of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the bail-in tool 
and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case may be). Accordingly, potential investors in the 
Notes should consider the risk that the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case 
may be) may be applied in such a manner as to result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the 
Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the 
resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion 
power (as the case may be) without providing any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may 
also have limited or no rights to challenge any decision of the resolution authority to exercise the bail-in power and/or the 
statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case may be) or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise. 
 
The bail-in power contains a specific safeguard, no creditor worse off than in liquidation principle (“NCWOL”), with 
the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in 
ordinary insolvency proceedings. However, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under 
the NCWOL safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely 
that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there can 
be no assurances that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially adversely 
affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such 
Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their investment in the Notes (however, in the case 
of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising 
the Cover Asset Pool). 
 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
 
Items eligible for inclusion in minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) include institution’s 
own funds (within the meaning of CRD V), along with “Eligible Liabilities”, meaning liabilities which inter alia, are 
issued and fully paid up, have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right to repayment within one 
year), and do not arise from derivatives. The MREL requirement may also have to be met partially through the issuance 
of contractual bail-in instruments, being instruments that are effectively subordinated to other eligible liabilities in a bail-
in or insolvency of the relevant institution. 
 
The Stability Authority issued a new decision on the Group’s MREL requirement on 26 April 2022. According to the 
new decision, the requirement based on total risk exposure amount is 20.34 per cent and the requirement based on the 
total amount of exposures used in the calculation of the leverage ratio is 8.41 per cent. The requirement based on total 
risk exposure amount must be met gradually so that the 17.23 per cent requirement has entered into force on 1 January 
2022 and the full requirement will enter on 1 January 2024. The requirement based on the total amount of exposures used 
in the calculation of the leverage ratio entered into force on 1 January 2022 with requirement of 5.91 per cent. The new 
requirement of 8.41 per cent will enter into force on 1 January 2024. In addition to the requirement based on total risk 
exposure amount, S-Bank must fulfil CBR (Combined Buffer Requirement), that was equal to 2.52 per cent as of 30 
September 2022. The new MREL requirement set under the updated MREL policy is based on the Banking Reform 
Package, which amended the provisions of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. The new MREL requirement of the Issuer

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
on the MREL eligible liabilities may increase the Issuer's dependence on market-based funding. If the Group were to 
experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other 
business operations. The applicable regulations in respect of the MREL requirement may be revised or the Stability 
Authority may revise its interpretations of the applicable regulations or its decision on the Group’s MREL requirement 
so that senior preferred notes, such as the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, do not count towards the MREL 
requirement of the Group. This could possibly also constitute an MREL Disqualification Event under the General Terms 
and Conditions (see “The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event or a Tax Event”) requiring the Issuer to utilise other instruments, such as senior non-preferred 
notes, to fulfil its MREL requirement. 
 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
 
The Issuer may call or redeem early the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in case of an Issuer’s call option, a Capital 
Event or a Tax Event, each as specified in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and subject to the Conditions 
to Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), including prior approval of the 
Stability Authority. 
 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the applicable laws or regulations or the application or 
interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which 
the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will 
elect to exercise such option to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or, in the case where any prior 
permission of the Stability Authority for such redemption is required, whether such permission will be given. There can 
be no assurances that, in the event of any such redemption, the Noteholders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate 
that is equal to the return on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
 
Redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer can redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, or during which there is an actual or 
perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the market 
value of those Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market believes that the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes may become eligible for redemption in the near term. The Issuer may, subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), redeem Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
 
Enforcement events in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
 
Enforcement events in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are set out in Condition 15 (Enforcement 
events) of the General Terms and Conditions. If an enforcement event in respect of a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Note has occurred in accordance with Condition 15 (Enforcement events), any holder of such a Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, institute such steps, including the obtaining of a judgement 
against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note, as it thinks desirable 
with a view to having the Issuer put into liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) (except for the purpose of a merger, 
reconstruction or amalgamation under which any continuing entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes) or the Issuer is otherwise declared bankrupt (in Finnish: konkurssi) but not otherwise and, consequently, 
if an enforcement event in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes occurs pursuant to Condition 15 
(Enforcement events), the Issuer shall only be required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt or put 
into liquidation. 
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue in respect of liabilities that rank pari passu, senior 
or junior with the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
recoverable by the Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in the event of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
 
No call options to the Noteholders 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to redeem the relevant Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must obtain the prior consent of the Stability 
Authority. The Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of any 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and should not invest in such in the expectation that such a call will be exercised 
by the Issuer. Even if the Issuer is given prior consent by the Stability Authority, any decision by the Issuer as to whether 
it will exercise calls in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of 
the Issuer with regard to factors such as the economic impact of exercising such calls, regulatory capital requirements and 
prevailing market conditions. Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes should be aware that they may 
be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes for a period of time 
in excess of the minimum period. 
 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes  
 
Pursuant to Condition 23 (Substitution and variation) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in certain 
circumstances, such as if an MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes), the Issuer may, provided that certain conditions are met, subject to the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and (to the extent applicable) it has been granted the permission of the Stability Authority without the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes for new Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as applicable, which are Qualifying Securities or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Securities in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes that are materially less 
favourable to a Noteholder (save to the extent that such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes)), there can be no 
assurances as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax 
consequences of holding the substituted or varied Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes could be different for some 
categories of the Noteholders from the tax consequences for them of holding the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
 
H. Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds 
 
Any covered bonds of the Issuer are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat), and such instruments are 
governed by the CBA. See “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
 
Under the CBA, Noteholders of a Covered Bond are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the register of Covered Bonds that the Issuer is required to maintain in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Register”). In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations 
apply: 1) at most 80 per cent in the case of the CBA, of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each 
Housing Loan; and 2) the book value of the Substitute Collateral. 
 
Notwithstanding that the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, Noteholders have the right to 
receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Asset Pool covering the 
Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover 
Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. Noteholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s assets other than those entered into the Cover 
Asset Pool as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Under Section 44 of the CBA, providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans have a right to receive payment after the receivables specified in Section 20 of the CBA, i.e. principal and interest 
of the Covered Bonds, obligations deriving from Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds as well as 
administration and liquidation costs, and before the remaining counterparties. 
 
The funds accruing from the assets entered in the Cover Asset Pool of the Covered Bonds after the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings are entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
Noteholders, counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are repaid in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the relevant Covered Bonds Legislation shall also be applied to the funds accrued 
to the Issuer after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of derivative transactions 
entered into the Register in respect of the Covered Bonds or assets entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
No events of default in relation to Covered Bonds  
 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and therefore 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is 
envisaged that holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall 
due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of the Covered Bonds may 
receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond  
 
The Issuer is required under the CBA to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is any Covered Bond 
outstanding. Under the CBA, if the assets in the Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for in the CBA, 
the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the CBA and 
the conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s licence for 
mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the 
requirements for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds in sections 24 and 31 of the CBA are not fulfilled, 
a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered 
Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds 
receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds 
(with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory 
limit to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. 
 
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may jeopardise payment on the Covered Bonds  
 
Default of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds in full or on a timely manner. Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If the 
requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must 
have a value of at least five per cent. In case of defaults of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool, the Issuer must 
supplement the Cover Asset Pool to comply with the statutory requirements and if the current value of the total amount 
of the Cover Asset Pool does not continuously exceed the current value of the combined payment obligations resulting 
from the Covered Bonds by at least two (2) per cent (or five (5) per cent, respectively), the FIN-FSA may withdraw the 
Issuer’s licence for mortgage bank activities and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover the payments on 
the Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the 
Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with 
eligible assets in accordance with the CBA. 
 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy  
 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has acquired a licence 
to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
CBA unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise. The Noteholders may not affect the entity that administers 
the liability for a covered bond and the corresponding collateral and if the transferee does not fulfil its obligations, it may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds. See also “Finnish Covered Bond Act – Management of Cover 
Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”. 
 
No market for collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer  
 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Asset Pool or an eligible 
transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after an insolvency

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
of the Issuer. A limited number of eligible transferees may affect adversely the liquidity of the collateral and consequently 
the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy  
 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered Bonds. 
Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-
FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil 
the obligations relating to the relevant Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the 
consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out liquidity loans and enter into other agreements for the 
purpose of securing the liquidity of the Cover Asset Pool (the “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans”). Pursuant to Section 44 
of the CBA, providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a right to receive payment after the funds specified in Section 
20 of the CBA. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-
bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to holders of Covered 
Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Cover Asset Pool. 
 
Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s licence for mortgage bank 
activity to be withdrawn  
 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured by properties. A borrower may default 
on its obligation under such mortgage loan. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible 
for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the CBA. If the Cover Asset Pool does not have sufficient eligible 
assets, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations as stipulated by the provisions of the CBA and the FIN-FSA may 
set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the CBA and the conditions of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s licence for mortgage bank activities 
may be withdrawn. 
 
Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, unemployment, 
illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to 
an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a 
mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time.  
 
No due diligence has or will be undertaken in relation to the Cover Asset Pool  
 
No investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Asset Pool 
has or will be performed by the Arranger nor any Lead Manager. Instead, they will rely on the obligations of the Issuer 
under applicable Finnish law. If the Issuer has not complied with applicable Finnish law and the Cover Asset Pool is 
deficient, it may have an adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Limited information is available to holders of Covered Bonds, especially in relation to the assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool  
 
Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans, the location of the properties 
securing the mortgage loans or other assets included in the Cover Asset Pool and it is expected that the composition of 
the Cover Asset Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of the mortgage loans by borrowers or new 
mortgage loans and/or other eligible assets being added to the Cover Asset Pool. The assets contained in the Cover Asset 
Pool will change over time reflecting repayments and new credits granted and, therefore, there are no assurances that the 
regional diversification, risk profile or credit quality of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool will remain the same as on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool in 
accordance with the CBA and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool in its financial 
statements and interim financial statements as set out in Section 27 of the CBA. The Issuer is subject to the disclosure 
obligations as set out in the MAR, the Finnish Securities Markets Act, in the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA 
as well as in the rules of the Helsinki Stock Exchange, and this disclosure obligation may include matters relating to the

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
requirements set for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the CBA where such information is of precise nature and 
likely to have a significant effect on the prices of the Covered Bonds. 
 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of 
interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements (see “Derivative Transactions related to the 
Covered Bonds”).  
 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant interest rate swap agreement, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless such interest rate swap agreements are 
replaced, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds.  
 
Extendable obligations  
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Final Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered Bonds. If 
the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on the Covered Bonds from a fixed rate to a floating rate or vice versa 
in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, then the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to 
the floating rate or fixed rate (as the case may be) set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against 
the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as set out in the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make 
payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer.  
 
I. 
Risks related to the AT1 Notes 
The AT1 Notes are subordinated to most of the lssuer's liabilities 
In case the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of its senior 
debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations in 
respect of more subordinated debt) in full before it can make any payments on the relevant AT1 Notes. lf this occurs, the 
lssuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the AT1 Notes. The ranking 
of different classes of Notes is more fully described in Condition 3.2 (Status – AT1 Notes) of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
In the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer claims under the AT1 Notes would be expected to be recognised as own 
fund items as referred to in item 6 of Chapter 1, section 4a Subsection 1 of the Credit Institutions Act as well as in 
accordance with their contractual subordinated ranking pursuant to item 5 of Chapter 1, Section 4 a, Subsection 1 of the 
Credit Institutions Act, but there can be no assurances that this would be the case. 
There are no rights of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
 
Noteholders will not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of such AT1 Notes. Therefore, holders of such AT1 Notes will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-
off the Issuer’s obligations under such AT1 Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the AT1 Notes that results in their exclusion from the “Additional 
Tier 1 capital” of the Issuer or a reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds, the Issuer may have the right 
to redeem the AT1 Notes  
The intention of the Issuer is for the AT1 Notes to qualify on issue as “Additional Tier 1 capital” for so long as this is 
permitted under the laws and regulations on capital adequacy applicable from time to time. Current regulatory practice 
by the competent authorities does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the AT1 
Notes that they will be treated as such. Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the AT1 Notes qualify as “Additional

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
Tier 1 capital”, there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the AT1 Notes or that 
the AT1 Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If there is a 
change (or pending change which the competent authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory 
classification of the AT1 Notes that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full (or to the extent permitted 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part) from the “Additional Tier 1 capital” of the Issuer or a reclassification 
as a lower quality form of own funds, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the AT1 Notes, subject to Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase) of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, including prior approval of the Competent Authority.  
Noteholders are also exposed to the risk that several debt obligations of the Issuer may become due simultaneously, as a 
result of which the Noteholder may have to wait for payment until the Issuer has paid the other debts that rank senior to 
the AT1 Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any AT1 Notes, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
The Issuer may also call, redeem, repay or repurchase the AT1 Notes in case of an Issuer’s call option, a Capital Event 
or a Tax Event, each as specified in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), including prior approval of the 
Competent Authority.  
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the applicable laws or regulations or the application or 
interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which 
the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the AT1 Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option 
to redeem the AT1 Notes or, in the case where any prior permission of the Competent Authority for such redemption is 
required, whether such permission will be given. There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such redemption, 
the Noteholders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the AT1 Notes. 
Redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the AT1 Notes. During any period when the Issuer can 
redeem the AT1 Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to 
redeem the AT1 Notes, the market value of those AT1 Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market believes that the AT1 Notes 
may become eligible for redemption in the near term. The Issuer may, subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in 
Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), redeem AT1 Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the AT1 Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the AT1 Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer’s ability to redeem or repurchase the AT1 Notes may be limited 
The rules under CRD IV (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) prescribe certain conditions for 
the granting of permission by the Competent Authority (or, as the case may be, another competent authority) to a request 
by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the AT1 Notes. In this respect, the CRR provides that the competent authority shall 
grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the AT1 Notes provided that either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the AT1 Notes, the Issuer replaces the AT1 Notes (as 
applicable) with capital instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) that its Tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed 
the capital ratios required under CRD IV by a margin that the competent authority or the Resolution 
Authority (as applicable) may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRD IV for it to determine the 
appropriate level of capital of an institution. 
In addition, the rules under CRD IV provide that the Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the AT1 
Notes before five (5) years after the issue date of the AT1 Notes if: 
(a) the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
(b) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the competent authority considers such 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the competent authority 
that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the AT1 Notes; or 
(c) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance 
of the AT1 Notes. 
Thus, the regulatory landscape sets certain limitations for the Issuer to redeem and/or repurchase the AT1 Notes which 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position and on the Noteholders’ possibilities to get repayment from 
their investments in the AT1 Notes. The regulatory conditions described herein are further specified in respect of the AT1 
Notes in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase) of the General Terms and Conditions. 
The rules under CRD IV may be modified from time to time after the issue date of the AT1 Notes.  
Remedies in case of default on the AT1 Notes are severely limited 
The AT1 Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to: 
(i) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the AT1 Notes. In such circumstances, as described in more 
detail in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and subject as provided below, the Noteholder may institute 
proceedings in Finland or elsewhere for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt (in Finnish: konkurssi) or its winding-up or 
liquidation (in Finnish: Selvitystila) and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and 
(ii) the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in Finland or elsewhere. In such circumstances, 
as described in more detail in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Noteholder may declare its AT1 Notes 
to be due and payable at their outstanding principal Amount, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
However, in each case, the Noteholder may claim payment in respect of the AT1 Notes only in the winding-up or 
liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.  
Under Finnish law, a creditor may not institute proceedings for the liquidation of the debtor, except under the following 
limited circumstances: (i) the debtor has no registered and competent board of directors; (ii) the debtor has no registered 
representative within the meaning of the Act on the Freedom of Enterprise Act (laki elinkeinon harjoittamisen oikeudesta 
122/1919, as amended); (iii) despite the request of the register authority, the debtor has not filed its annual accounts for 
registration within one year from the end of the financial period; or (iv) the debtor has been declared bankrupt and the 
bankruptcy has expired due to the lack of funds. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the AT1 Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the AT1 Notes or on the amount 
of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the AT1 Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce 
the amount recoverable by the Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Issuer reserves the right to issue other securities counting as additional Tier 1 capital of the Issuer in the 
future, provided, however, that any such obligations may not in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer rank prior to AT1 Notes. 
There is uncertainty regarding the tax treatment of the AT1 Notes 
There are unpublished tax rulings supporting the interpretation that AT1 Notes are treated as loans in the Issuer’s taxation 
and that the possible Write-Down of AT1 Notes would not generate taxable income for the Issuer when the Write-Down 
corresponds to the amount considered to be without value. Similarly, any revaluation in the value of the Notes would not 
be treated as deductible cost in Issuer’s taxation. However, as there are no tax rulings that directly concern the Issuer and 
the AT1 Notes in question, there can be no assurance on the tax treatment of the AT1 Notes in the Issuer’s taxation. Thus, 
possible tax treatment of the AT1 Notes in terms of the Issuer’s taxation may end up unfavourable for the Noteholders of 
the AT1 Notes and result in possible losses in the value of the AT1 Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
AT1 Notes are of perpetual nature 
AT1 Notes have no fixed final redemption date and holders have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes. 
Although the Issuer may redeem such Notes in certain circumstances, there are limitations on its ability to do so. 
Therefore, holders of AT1 Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for an indefinite period of time.  
AT1 Notes are deeply subordinated obligations 
The AT1 Notes are not obligations of anyone other than the Issuer and they are not guaranteed by any person or entity. 
No one other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount 
due under the AT1 Notes. 
AT1 Notes are unsecured, deeply subordinated obligations of the lssuer and are currently the most junior debt instruments 
of the lssuer, ranking behind claims of depositors of the lssuer, other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and 
subordinated creditors of the lssuer (other than obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer ranking or are expressed 
to rank equally with AT1 Notes on a winding-up of the Issuer), at least pari passu with other securities of the lssuer which 
are recognised as additional Tier 1 capital of the lssuer, from time to time by the competent authority and currently in 
priority only to all classes of ordinary share capital of the lssuer subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish 
law, including but not limited to the Finnish Implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in paragraph 6 of Subsection 
1 of Section 4a in Chapter 1 of the Credit Institutions Act to the effect that claims resulting from own funds items (includin 
but not limited to AT1 instruments) have a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds 
item. In the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders of any AT1 Notes to 
payments will be subordinated in full to the payment in full of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and any other 
subordinated creditors of the lssuer that are senior in priority of payment to the claims of the Noteholders of AT1 Notes. 
Accordingly, the prospects of the Issuer may negatively impact the liquidity and the market price of the AT1 Notes (if a 
market for the At1 Notes develops and is maintained) and may increase the risk that the Noteholders will not receive 
prompt and full payment, when due, for interest, principal and/or any other amounts payable to the Noteholders pursuant 
to the AT1 Notes from time to time.  
Interest payments on AT1 Notes may be cancelled by the Issuer (in whole or in part) at any time and, in certain 
circumstances, the Issuer will be required to cancel such interest payments 
Interest on any AT1 Notes will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall have sole 
and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would 
otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date on AT1 Notes. Interest will only be due and payable on an Interest 
Payment Date to the extent it is not cancelled in accordance with Condition 10.5 (Interest cancellation on the AT1 Notes) 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the Issuer does not make an interest payment on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date (or if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment), such non-
payment shall evidence the Issuer’s exercise of its discretion to cancel such interest payment (or the portion of such 
interest payment not paid), and accordingly such interest payment (or the portion thereof not paid) shall not be due and 
payable. 
The Issuer may cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment on any AT1 Notes at its discretion and may pay dividends 
on its ordinary or preference shares notwithstanding such cancellation. In addition, the Issuer may without restriction use 
funds that could have been applied to make such cancelled payments to meet its other obligations as they become due. 
Subject to the extent permitted in the following paragraph in respect of partial interest payments, the Issuer shall not make 
an interest payment on any AT1 Notes on any Interest Payment Date (and such interest payment shall therefore be deemed 
to have been cancelled and thus shall not be due and payable on such Interest Payment Date) if the Issuer has an amount 
of Distributable Items on such Interest Payment Date that is less than the sum of all distributions or interest payments on 
all other own funds instruments of the Issuer paid or required to be paid in the then financial year. 
Although the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, elect to make a partial interest payment on the AT1 Notes on any Interest 
Payment Date, it may only do so to the extent that such partial interest payment may be made without breaching the 
restriction in the preceding paragraph.  
If and to the extent that such payment would cause a breach of any regulatory restriction or prohibition on payments on 
AT1 Notes pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations (including, without limitation, any such restrictions or

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
prohibitions relating to circumstances where the MDA (maximum distributable amount) (if any), determined in 
accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive applies to the Issuer, no payments will be made on the AT1 Notes 
(whether by way of principal, interest or otherwise). The MDA is a complex concept, and its determination is subject to 
considerable uncertainty and may change over time. See also “ – Increased capital requirements and standards” above. 
Cancelled interest shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, and Noteholders shall 
have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or compensation as a result of such cancellation. Furthermore, 
no cancellation of interest in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, shall constitute a default 
in payment or otherwise under the relevant AT1 Notes.  
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the AT1 Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the market price 
of the AT1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions of the AT1 Notes, the market price of the 
Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject 
to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial condition. 
Holders will bear the risk of changes in the CET1 Ratio 
The market price of the AT1 Notes is expected to be affected by changes in the CET1 Ratio. Changes in the CET1 Ratio 
may be caused by changes in the amount of CET1 Capital and/or risk weighted asset ratio, as well as changes to their 
respective definition and interpretation under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Issuer only publicly reports the CET1 Ratio quarterly as of the period end, and therefore during the quarterly period 
there is no published updating of the CET1 Ratio and there may be no prior warning of adverse changes in the CET1 
Ratio. However, any indication that the CET1 Ratio is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event or a breach of the 
maximum distributable amount may have an adverse effect on the market price of the AT1 Notes. A decline or perceived 
decline in the CET1 Ratio may significantly affect the trading price of the Notes, in particular AT1 Notes. The Issuer’s 
CET1 Ratio was 12.8 per cent as at 30 September 2022 and 13 per cent as at 31 December 2021. Pursuant to Condition 
1 (Definitions) of the General Terms and Conditions, a Trigger Event ooccurs when the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer on a 
solo basis or the Group on a consolidated basis is below 7.125 per cent. 
In addition, the Competent Authority, as part of its supervisory activity, may instruct the Issuer to calculate such ratio as 
at any time, including if the Issuer and/or the Group is subject to recovery and resolution actions by the relevant Resolution 
Authority, or the Issuer might otherwise determine to calculate such ratio in its own discretion at any time. Moreover, the 
relevant Resolution Authority is likely to allow a Trigger Event to occur rather than to resort to the use of public funds. 
The circumstances surrounding a Trigger Event are unpredictable, and there are a number of factors that could affect 
the Issuer’s or the Group’s CET1 Ratio and, more generally, their overall capital position 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, including those 
discussed in greater detail in the following paragraphs, any of which may be outside the Issuer’s control. 
The calculation of the Issuer’s or the Group’s CET1 Ratio, and, more generally, their overall capital position, could be 
affected by one or more factors, including, among other things, changes in the mix of the Group’s business, major events 
affecting the Group’s earnings, dividend payments by the Issuer, regulatory changes (including changes to definitions 
and calculations of regulatory capital ratios and their components, including CET1 Capital and risk weighted assets and 
the Group’s ability to manage risk weighted assets in both its ongoing businesses and those which it may seek to exit. In 
addition, the Group has capital resources and risk weighted assets denominated in foreign currencies, and changes in 
foreign exchange rates will result in changes in the balance sheet value of foreign currency denominated capital resources 
and risk weighted assets. As a result, the Issuer’s or the Group’s respective CET1 Ratios (and their overall capital position) 
are exposed to foreign currency movements. 
The calculation of the CET1 Ratio (and the overall capital position) may also be affected by changes in applicable 
accounting rules, or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the regulatory capital impact of accounting rules. 
Moreover, even if changes in applicable accounting rules, or changes to regulatory adjustments which modify accounting 
rules, are not yet in force as of the relevant calculation date, the Competent Authority could require the Issuer to reflect 
such changes in any particular calculation of the CET1 Ratio. Accordingly, accounting changes or regulatory changes 
may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s calculations of regulatory capital, including CET1 Capital and risk 
weighted assets, and the CET1 Ratio. The calculation of the CET1 Ratio and its constituent elements (and the overall 
capital position) and the levels at which the Trigger Level is set may continue to vary from time to time.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding whether a Trigger Event will occur, it will be difficult to predict when, if 
at all, a Write-Down may occur. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the AT1 Notes is not necessarily expected to 
follow the trading behaviour of other types of security. Any indication that a Trigger Event may occur can be expected to 
have a material adverse effect on the market price of the AT1 Notes. In addition, any of the factors that affect the Group’s 
overall capital position, including those mentioned above, may in turn affect the Group’s capital, leverage and/or MREL 
resources and the maximum distributable amount. 
The CET1 Ratio will be affected by the Issuer’s business decisions and, in making such decisions, the Issuer’s interests 
may not be aligned with those of the Noteholders 
As discussed, the CET1 Ratio could be affected by a number of factors. It will also depend on the Group’s decisions 
relating to its businesses and operations, as well as the management of its capital position. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in connection with the strategic decisions of the Group, including 
in respect of capital management. The Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other member of the 
Group relating to decisions that affect the business and operations of the Group, including its capital position, regardless 
of whether they result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event and therefore result in a possible Write-Down of the AT1 
Notes. Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in the AT1 Notes. 
The principal amount of the AT1 Notes may be reduced to absorb losses 
If a Trigger Event has occurred, then the Issuer shall write down the Outstanding Principal Amount of each AT1 Note by 
writing down the Outstanding Principal Amount on the Write-Down Date in accordance with Condition 18 (Loss 
absorption in relation to AT1 Notes) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Noteholders may lose all of their 
investment as a result of a Write-Down. 
Any future outstanding junior securities of the Issuer might not include write-down or similar features with triggers 
comparable to those of the AT1 Notes and/or the write-down or conversion features of other loss absorbing instruments 
may not be fully effective in all circumstances. As a result, it is possible that the AT1 Notes will be subject to a Write-
Down, while junior securities (including equity securities) remain outstanding and continue to receive payments and, as 
such, holders of AT1 Notes may be subject to losses ahead of holders of junior securities (including equity securities). It 
is also possible that holders of AT1 Notes may be subject to greater losses if the write-down or conversion features of 
other loss absorbing instruments are not fully effective.  
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the AT1 Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 23 (Substitution and variation) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in certain 
circumstances, such as if a Capital Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes), the Issuer may, provided that 
certain conditions are met, subject to the Applicable Banking Regulations and (to the extent applicable) it has been granted 
the permission of the Competent Authority without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute all (but not 
some only) of the AT1 Notes for new AT1 Notes, as applicable, which are Qualifying Securities or vary the terms of the 
AT1 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Securities in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18 (Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes). While the Issuer cannot make changes to the 
terms of the AT1 Notes that are materially less favourable to a Noteholder (save to the extent that such prejudice is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes)), there can 
be no assurances as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax 
consequences of holding the substituted or varied AT1 Notes could be different for some categories of the Noteholders 
from the tax consequences for them of holding the AT1 Notes prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issuer 
 
S-Bank Plc 
Fleminginkatu 34 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Arranger 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch  
Debt Capital Markets 
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613  
FI-00130 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
Auditor of the Issuer 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Responsibility Statement  
 
S-Bank Plc has prepared the Base Prospectus and S-Bank Plc accepts responsibility regarding the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of S-Bank Plc the information contained in the Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
S-Bank Plc 
Helsinki, Finland 
 
No incorporation of website information 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on S-Bank’s website at s-pankki.fi/investors. 
However, the contents of S-Bank’s website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto the Final Terms and 
the information incorporated by reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and prospective 
investors should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
Information derived from third party sources 
 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such sources have 
been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third-party information has been accurately reproduced herein. In 
addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to ensure execution of its growth strategy and for 
its general corporate purposes, in case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, to cover the Issuer’s MREL requirement 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and, in case of AT1 Notes, to strengthen the Issuer’s regulatory 
capital base by providing AT1 capital for the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Terms and Conditions of the Programme must be read in their entirety together with the relevant 
Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
 
1 
Definitions 
In these general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions” and each clause a “Condition”) the 
following expressions have the following meaning: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should 
be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
ii) in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage for the purposes 
of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in its 
discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro or, if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or any minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities then in 
effect in Finland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the CRD, the CRR, the BRRD and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or any minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities adopted by the Competent Authority or the Stability Authority, from 
time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether 
or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer). 
“AT1 instruments” has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(i) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the relevant screen page as a result of such 
benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference 
Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that such 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including without 
limitation as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
“Business Day” means a day when commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business in Finland and the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express (TARGET 2) 
System is open. 
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Competent Authority, that there is a 
change in the regulatory classification of the AT1 Notes that would be likely to result in the Outstanding Principal Amount 
of AT1 Notes to cease to be included in whole or in any part, or count in whole or in any part, towards the Additional 
Tier 1 Capital of either the Issuer or the Group other than by reason of a full or partial exclusion of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the AT1 Notes arising (i) as a result of a Write-Down and/or (ii) by reason of any applicable limit 
on the amount of such capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time. 
“Capital Regulations” means any requirements of Finnish law or contained in the relevant rules of EU law that are then 
in effect at the Issue Date in Finland relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer, including but not limited to 
the CRR, national laws and regulations implementing the Capital Requirements Directive and the BRRD, delegated or 
implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, as 
amended from time to time, or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof. 
“CET1 instruments” has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
“CET1 Ratio” means, with respect to the Issuer, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital as of such time expressed 
as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means common equity tier 1 capital as contemplated by CRR as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations then applicable, or an equivalent or successor term. 
“Competent Authority” means the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority or such other or successor authority that is 
responsible for prudential supervision and/or empowered by national law to supervise the Issuer as part of the supervisory 
system in operation in Finland. 
“CRD” means the legislative package consisting of the Capital Requirements Directive, the CRR and the CRD 
Implementing Measures. 
“CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, which are 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group 
(on a solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including 
for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any 
successor or replacement thereof). 
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation that supersedes or replaces it. 
“CRD IV Directive” or “Capital Requirements Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including without limitation 
as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 for credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Distributable Items” means, subject as otherwise defined from time to time in the Applicable Banking Regulations, in 
relation to interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date, the amount of the profits of the Issuer at 
the end of the last Financial Year immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date plus any profits brought forward 
and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own funds instruments of the Issuer less any 
losses brought forward, any profits which are non-distributable pursuant to applicable European Union or national law or 
the Issuer’s articles of association and any sums placed in non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable 
national law or the articles of association of the Issuer, in each case with respect to the specific category of own funds 
instruments to which European Union or national law or the Issuer’s articles of association relate; such profits, losses and 
reserves being determined on the basis of the individual accounts of the Issuer and not on the basis of its consolidated 
accounts. 
“Financial Year” means the financial year of the Issuer (being the one-year period in respect of which it prepares annual 
audited financial statements) from time to time, which as at the Issue Date runs from (and including) 1 January in one 
calendar year to (but excluding) the same date in the immediately following calendar year. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent financial 
adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Loss Absorbing Instrument” means at any time any AT1 Instrument (other than the AT1 Notes) of the Issuer which 
may have its principal amount written-down on the occurrence or as a result of the Issuer or the Group CET1 Ratio failing 
below a certain trigger level. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consulting with the Stability Authority, 
that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes ceases or would be likely to cease 
to be included in whole or in any part, or count in whole or in any part, towards the own funds or eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if 
such whole or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the 
Issuer) will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) due to (i) the remaining 
maturity of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes being less than any minimum period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of eligible 
liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) under the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations being exceeded. 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer 
referred to in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
“Noteholders” means the holders of the Notes from time to time. 
“Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as reduced by any partial 
redemption or repurchase from time to time. 
“Original Principal Amount” means, the principal amount (which, for these purposes, is equal to the nominal amount) 
of the AT1 Notes at the relevant Issue Date.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these terms 
and conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any additional or other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
would otherwise be payable on or in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. References to such amounts 
will include (but not be limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Resolution Authority” means the Stability Authority and/or any other resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer or any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
“Stability Authority” means the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (in Finnish: Rahoitusvakausvirasto). 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension or similar 
or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Finland, relating to (i) the transposition into Finnish law of BRRD as amended 
or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the 
Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such 
Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Tax Event” means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined below) 
experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of: 
(a) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of the Tax 
Jurisdiction affecting taxation;  
(b) 
any governmental action in the Tax Jurisdiction; or  
(c) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision or pronouncement 
that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by 
any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body in the Tax Jurisdiction, 
irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation 
or decision is made known, which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, 
pronouncement, interpretation or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes or is not, or will not be, 
entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction 
would be materially reduced); or

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
(ii) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer’s items of income or expense with respect to the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including 
estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by the taxing authority 
in the Tax Jurisdiction, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges.  
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax. 
“Tier 2 Capital Instruments” has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations.  
“Trigger Event” means at any time that the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer on a solo basis or the Group on a consolidated basis 
is below 7.125 per cent. Whether a Trigger Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the 
Competent Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent Authority and such calculation shall be 
binding on the Noteholders. 
“Write-Down” means a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each AT1 Note to zero on a permanent basis 
with no possibility of reinstatement (in whole or in part) of the Original Principal Amount or the then Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the AT1 Notes at any time and “written down” shall be construed. 
2 
Form and issuance 
The notes (the “Notes”) including for the avoidance of doubt any additional or tap issue relating to the Notes (the 
“Subsequent Notes”) (if any) are issued by S-Bank Plc (the “Issuer”). The Notes are issued as serial bonds (in Finnish: 
sarjalaina) (each a “Series of Notes”). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche of 
Notes”) of Notes. The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes consist of these General Terms and Conditions and a 
document containing the specific terms and conditions of such Tranche of Notes (“Final Terms”). 
Notes may be issued to be subscribed for by professional clients listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to 
MiFID II, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of that 
Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of MiFID II. No Notes may be issued to 
retail clients referred to in Article 4(1)(11) of MiFID II. The minimum subscription amount is at least EUR 100,000 and 
the denomination of a book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000.  
The Notes will be issued in the Infinity book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Ltd. incorporated in Finland 
with Business ID 1061446-0, address Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, (“Euroclear Finland”) (or 
any system replacing or substituting the Infinity book-entry securities system in accordance with the Finnish laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the “Euroclear 
Finland Rules”)), in accordance with the Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing and Settlement (laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended) and other Finnish legislation governing book-entry 
system and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. The registrar in respect of the Notes will be 
Euroclear Finland. 
The issuer agent (in Finnish: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) for a Series of Notes referred to in the regulations of Euroclear 
Finland as well as the issuer and paying agent of the Notes (the “Issuer Agent” and/or where applicable, the ”Paying 
Agent”) are defined in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more Lead Manager(s) (the “Lead Manager(s)”) 
for a Tranche of Notes as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (“Calculation Agent”) 
for a Tranche of Notes or the Issuer may itself act as the calculation agent, in each case as specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscriber(s) on a date set out 
in the Final Terms in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the book-entry system and book-entry accounts 
as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. Each Note is freely transferable after it has been registered into the respective 
book-entry account. 
The Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or they may be unlisted as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
3 
Status of the Notes 
3.1 Status – Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
This Condition 3.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes (the “Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”). 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unguaranteed, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) at least pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note or any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any additional or 
other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which would otherwise be payable on or in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes. Each Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting and counterclaim. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, 
any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Note by virtue of any such set-off, netting or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the 
amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) or bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) 
of the Issuer, to the liquidator or bankruptcy estate of the Issuer. 
The rights of Noteholders shall be subject to any present or future Finnish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Finland which are or will be applicable to the 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
3.2 Status – AT1 Notes 
This Condition 3.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being AT1 Notes (the “AT1 
Notes”). 
The Issuer expects the AT1 Notes to be AT1 Instruments of the Issuer. The AT1 Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, at all times, rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(b) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which are recognised as 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” by the Competent Authority, and (b) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the AT1 Notes on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(c) 
senior to holders of the Issuer’s CET1 instruments and any other obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the AT1 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer; and 
(d) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer, including holders of Tier 2 Capital Instruments, other than the present or 
future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the AT1 
Notes 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, including but not limited to the Finnish implementation of 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
(luottolaitoslaki 610/2014, as amended) to the effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in 
part) as own funds of the Issuer have a lower priority ranking than any claim that results from an item which does not 
qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of any AT1 Note or any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any additional or other amounts whatsoever 
accrued or due or which would otherwise be payable on or in respect of the AT1 Notes. Each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of his holding of any AT1 Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting and counterclaim. If,

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect 
of any AT1 Note by virtue of any such set-off, netting or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and 
shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) or bankruptcy (in Finnish: 
konkurssi) of the Issuer, to the liquidator or bankruptcy estate of the Issuer. 
The rights of Noteholders shall be subject to any present or future Finnish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in the Republic of Finland which are or will be applicable to the 
AT1 Notes only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
3.3 Status – Covered Bonds 
This Condition 3.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Covered Bonds (the 
“Covered Bonds”). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer which benefit from the same priority right in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Act. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the Covered Bonds and claims of 
other creditors having the same priority in accordance with the Covered Bond Act are not fully met out of the assets of 
the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Act, the residual claims of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder shall in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or 
counterclaim against moneys owed under assets that are subject to the priority set out in Section 20 of the Covered Bond 
Act in respect of any Covered Bond. 
4 
Nominal value 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000. Subject thereto, the Notes together with any 
Subsequent Notes, will be issued in such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5 
Maximum amount of the Programme and note principal as well as currency 
The total equivalent value of outstanding Notes issued under the Programme at one time may be a maximum of EUR one 
billion five hundred million (1,500,000,000). The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the maximum amount, 
including any Subsequent Notes. 
The principal and the currency (euro) of a Series of Notes and the specific Tranche of Notes are defined in the Final 
Terms. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the issued aggregate principal of each Series and Tranche of Notes 
during the subscription period. Notice of any decision to raise or lower the issued aggregate principal of each Tranche of 
Notes during the subscription period is available at the subscription places and on the website at s-pankki.fi/investors as 
soon as practicable after any such decision is made. 
Each Series of Notes is numbered annually in numerical order. Each Tranche of Notes under each Series of Notes is 
numbered in numerical order.  
6 
The term of the Notes, redemption and extension of maturity 
6.1 The term of the Notes and redemption 
The term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and the Covered Bonds is at least one (1) year. The principal of 
the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and Covered Bonds is to be repaid on the Maturity Date as defined in the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Covered Bonds, on the Extended Final Maturity Date if an Extended Final Maturity Date has 
been specified in the applicable Final Terms and the maturity of the Covered Bonds has been extended in accordance 
with Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date). The principal of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes and Covered Bonds is to be repaid in instalments if so defined in the Final Terms. The business 
day convention defined in the Final Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
The AT1 Notes are perpetual notes, which do not have any final maturity date. 
The redemption amount is the nominal amount of the principal.

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
6.2 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the respective Final Terms, it enables the Issuer, at the latest on 
the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date, to apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA that the Maturity Date of 
the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these General 
Terms and Conditions should be extended by the FIN-FSA up to but no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date due 
to the reason that (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to 
meet the liquidity requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of 
the maturing Covered Bonds and (iii) the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in 
which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. 
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled 
and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution shall confirm the extended Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds 
and the date on which the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable for the purposes of these General Terms and 
Conditions, provided that the maturity of any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date falling twelve (12) 
months after the Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Final Maturity Date.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices)) of (a) any resolution of the 
FIN-FSA to so extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds as soon as practicable after any such resolution having been 
made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 
three Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as 
practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds (if any) is made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such extension of 
the maturity of the Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the 
relevant interest payment date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date or give rise to any such person having 
any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result in a delay in payment being received by a 
Noteholder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity Date where at least three Business Days’ notice of such 
redemption is not given to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices)) and Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for which an 
Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 6.2, the 
nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any 
payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 
6.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of the relevant 
Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Noteholder 
any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly 
set out in these General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.2, interest rates, interest 
periods and interest payment dates on the relevant Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the Extended Final Maturity Interest 
Provisions in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part but not the entire principal amount outstanding of any Covered Bonds on an interest payment 
date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the relevant 
Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on each relevant Covered Bond shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. 
If the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2, subject to as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any relevant Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Notes are 
applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part any Covered Bonds the maturity of which has been 
extended in accordance with this Condition 6.2.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
This Condition 6.2 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter) and if the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension. 
6.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject (in the case of Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and AT1 Notes) to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase), having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (which notice shall, 
save as provided in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the nominal amount outstanding of 
each Note shall be reduced pro rata. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Terms applicable to any AT1 Notes shall not 
specify a first Optional Redemption Date as a date that is before five years after the issue date of such AT1 Notes. 
6.4 Redemption as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event and subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 
6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
6.5 Redemption as a result of a Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event and subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions 
to Redemption and Repurchase), the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the AT1 Notes at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.6 Redemption as a result of a Tax Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event and subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase), the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
or AT1 Notes, as applicable, at their Outstanding Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  
6.7 Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
Other than a redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at maturity in accordance with Condition 6.1 (The 
term of the Notes and redemption), the Issuer may redeem or repurchase (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) any 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been granted the permission of the Stability Authority (in the case of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 Notes), in each such case, if such 
permission is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, and in addition:  
(a) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
AT1 Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
eligible liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Stability Authority or the Competent Authority, 
as the case may be, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that (in 
the case of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) the Stability Authority in agreement with the 
FIN-FSA or, (in the case of the AT1 Notes) the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
(c) 
in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Stability Authority that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities 
with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid 
down in the CRD for continuing authorisation; and 
(d) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or the AT1 Notes: 
(i) 
in the case of AT1 Notes only, only the conditions listed in paragraphs (a) or (b) above are 
met; and  
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event or Capital 
Event, (i) the Stability Authority (in the case of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or 
the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 Notes) considers such change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Stability Authority (in the case 
of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 
Notes) that the MREL Disqualification Event or Capital Event, as applicable, was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the relevant Notes; or  
(iii) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Stability Authority (in the case of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes) or the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 Notes) that such Tax Event is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the relevant Notes; or  
(iv) in the case of AT1 Notes only, before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, 
the Issuer replaces the AT1 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or  
(v) 
in the case of AT1 Notes only, the AT1 Notes are repurchased for market making purposes,  
(the “Conditions to Redemption”). 
Any refusal by the Stability Authority (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Competent Authority (in 
the case of AT1 Notes) to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an event of default under the terms and 
conditions of any Notes. 
6.8 Trigger Event Post Redemption Notice 
In the case of the AT1 Notes, if the Issuer has elected to redeem such Notes but prior to the payment of the redemption 
amount with respect to such redemption, a Trigger Event occurs, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically 
rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, no payment of the redemption amount will be due and payable and Write-
Down shall apply in accordance with Condition 18 (Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes). 
6.9 Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unaccrued interest attached thereto at the 
time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes repurchased and cancelled cannot be reissued or resold. 
7 
Subscription of Notes 
7.1 Subscription manner and subscription price and the payment of subscriptions 
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription during the subscription period at the subscription places defined in the 
Final Terms of each Tranche of Notes. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the subscription period. 
The subscription amount is the nominal value of the subscription multiplied by the issue price at the moment of 
subscription.  
When Notes are subscribed for on any other day than on an interest payment day but after the first interest payment day, 
the subscriber must pay the accrued interest for the period between the beginning of the current interest period and the 
subscription payment day.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
The Issuer does not charge the costs related to the issue or offering of the Notes from the Noteholders. The Lead 
Manager(s) and eventual other subscription places may charge such costs, which are based on the agreement between the 
Noteholder and the Lead Manager(s) or the eventual other subscription place. The eventual fees related to subscription 
are further determined in the Final Terms. 
Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the termination of the subscription period. Subscriptions are to be paid in a 
manner specified in the Final Terms. Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection with the subscription or 
at the time of the subscription, in each case as stipulated in the relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes.  
7.2 Measures in oversubscription and under-subscription situations  
The Issuer has the right to determine separately on the measures in a situation of oversubscription and under-subscription 
of a Series of Notes. In the event of oversubscription, such measures may include, for example, reducing subscriptions in 
part or in whole. In case the minimum amount of subscriptions is not fulfilled (undersubscription), the issue of the Series 
of Notes may be cancelled. It may be stipulated in the Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes that the issue of a certain Series 
of Notes requires a defined minimum amount of subscriptions or fulfilment of another condition. 
The Issuer has the right to raise the amount of offered Notes of a Series of Notes during the subscription period or to 
discontinue the subscription of Notes. 
Notice of cancellation of the issue or suspension of the subscription due to oversubscription is available at the subscription 
places and on the website at s-pankki.fi/investors.  
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall refund the price paid 
to the account notified by the subscriber within five (5) Business days from the date of the decision concerning the 
cancellation or decrease. 
7.3 Issue price 
The issue price of the Notes is fixed or floating and is determined in the Final Terms. If the issue price is floating, the 
Issuer will determine the issue price on a daily basis throughout the subscription period subject to a maximum issue price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.4 Subscriber’s cancellation right and discontinuance of acceptance of subscriptions in certain cases 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of Notes, or before the Notes have been admitted for public trading, 
supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error, deficiency or material new information in it or publishes a completely 
updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, or if the final offer price of the Notes to be offered to the 
public is not included in the Final Terms, a subscriber, who has made a subscription in an offer of securities to the public 
before the publication of a supplement or before the publication of the updated base prospectus or the final offer price, 
respectively, has the right, according to Article 17 or 23(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”), to cancel his subscription within at least two Business Days from the publication of the supplement, the 
update or the final offer price, respectively. However, if a publication of a supplement or publication of an updated base 
prospectus is made prior to 31 December 2022, a subscriber has the respective right, according to 23(2a) of Prospectus 
Regulation, to cancel his subscription within at least three Business Days. However, in case the Base prospectus is 
supplemented or updated, the cancellation right only exists if the error, deficiency or material new information arose or 
was noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers in accordance with Condition 8 (Delivery of Notes). The 
supplemented Base Prospectus or a completely updated prospectus or the final offer price and information on the time 
limit for cancellation and the procedure relating to it are available at subscription places and on the Issuer’s website s-
pankki.fi/investors. 
The Issuer has the right to discontinue the acceptance of subscriptions immediately when a need to supplement the Base 
Prospectus has become evident. The discontinuance will be announced in the subscription places and on the Issuer’s 
website s-pankki.fi/investors. 
8 
Delivery of Notes 
Book-entries are registered in the book-entry account informed by the subscriber in a manner announced in connection 
with the subscription and during the time period defined in the Final Terms in accordance with legislation regarding the 
book-entry system and book-entry accounts and the Euroclear Finland Rules.

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
9 
Security or guarantee 
No security has been granted for the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes.  
The Covered Bonds are covered by the assets that comprise a qualifying cover asset pool maintained by the Issuer and 
entered into the register of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Covered Bond Act. 
No guarantee has been granted for any Notes and no Notes shall include a negative pledge provision. 
10 Interest 
Either a fixed rate or a floating rate interest based on a reference rate each as specified in the Final Terms is paid from 
time to time on the unamortized principal of the Notes. Interest is paid on due dates of payment of interest specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Notes may also be issued as zero coupon notes which will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and 
will not bear interest.  
10.1 Fixed rate interest 
Annual interest, specified in the Final Terms, is paid on a Note to which this provision is applicable according to the Final 
Terms. 
10.2 Floating reference rate interest 
Floating interest, which consists of a floating reference rate interest and a margin, is paid on the outstanding principal of 
a Note to which this provision is applicable according to the Final Terms.  
The floating reference rate interest is EURIBOR which appears on the relevant screen page of a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters), or such replacement page on a service which displays the information, as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) two (2) Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the beginning of the relevant 
interest period. If the interest period does not correspond to any time period provided on the designated distributor’s page, 
the interest is calculated by interpolating the ratio of time with two reference interest rates closest to the above-mentioned 
relevant interest period, between which the interest period settles.  
10.3 Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding Condition 10.2 (Floating reference rate interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant 
interest determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period (the “IA Determination 
Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future 
interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 10.3); 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 10.3; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date 
(as referred to in the relevant Final Terms) relating to the next succeeding interest period in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such interest period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
interest period (though substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant interest

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
period from that which applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to the 
relevant interest period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding interest period); 
(c) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the floating reference rate 
interest for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 10.3); 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an 
Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may 
be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the 
Notes (and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all 
future interest periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 10.3). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 10.3 shall (in the absence of bad faith, 
gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 10.3. No 
Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including 
for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer;  
(f) 
A Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Independent 
Adviser or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 10.3; and 
(g) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) 
above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
10.4 Minimum and/or the maximum amount of interest 
A minimum or a maximum amount or both for the interest mentioned in Condition 10.2 (Floating reference rate interest), 
may be determined in the Final Terms. 
10.5 Interest cancellation on the AT1 Notes 
Any payment of Interest in respect of the AT1 Notes shall be payable only out of the Issuer’s Distributable Items and: 
(a) 
may be cancelled, at any time, in whole or in part, for an unlimited period, at the option of the Issuer 
in its sole discretion and notwithstanding that it has Distributable Items or that it may make any 
distributions pursuant to the Applicable Banking Regulations; or 
(b) 
will be mandatorily cancelled to the extent so required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the applicable criteria for AT1 instruments,

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, the institution may use such cancelled payments without restriction 
to meet its obligations as they fall due. 
The amount of Interest will not be amended on the basis of the credit standing of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) of any such cancellation of a 
payment of Interest, which notice might be given after the date on which the relevant payment of Interest is scheduled to 
be made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall not prejudice the right of the Issuer not to pay 
Interest as described above. 
Following any cancellation of Interest as described above, the right of the Noteholders to receive accrued Interest in 
respect of any such Interest Period will terminate, and will not accumulate, and the Issuer will have no further obligation 
to pay such Interest or to pay interest thereon, whether or not payments of Interest in respect of subsequent Interest Periods 
are made, and such unpaid Interest will not be deemed to have “accrued” or been earned for any purpose. 
Interest in respect of the AT1 Notes shall also be deemed to have been automatically cancelled upon the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event and no interest shall be due and payable, and no Noteholder will have any rights against the Issuer with 
respect to the payment of interest on any AT1 Notes that have been so Written-Down. 
A cancellation of any payment of Interest at any time shall in no event constitute an event of default. 
11 Interest period 
Interest period means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. The first interest period begins on the issue 
date or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and ends on the following interest payment date 
specified in the Final Terms. Each following interest period begins on the previous interest payment date and ends on the 
following interest payment date. Interest accrues for each interest period including the first day of the interest period and 
excluding the last day of the interest period. 
12 The Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction applied to the Notes is defined in the Final Terms and it may be: 
(a) 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided by the number 
which is received by multiplying the actual days of the interest period with the amount of interest 
periods included in a year (possible irregular interest periods form an exception); 
(b) 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided on other years 
than leap years by 365 and on leap years by 366. If the interest period is only partially extended to 
a leap year, the interest period is divided into two parts, to which the previously explained principles 
will be applied and the total amount of interests are combined; 
(c) 
“Actual/365”, where the actual days of an interest period are divided by 365;  
(d) 
“Actual/360” when the actual days of an interest period are divided by 360; 
(e) 
“30E/360” or “Eurobond rule”, where the interest year is combined of 12 30 day months (however 
so, that when the last day of the last interest period is the last day of February, February is not 
changed to a 30 day month), which are divided by 360; or 
(f) 
“30/360”, where the interest year has 360 days and the interest month has 30 days. 
13 Business Day Convention 
The Business Day convention is defined in the Final Terms, according to which the interest payment date will be 
postponed if it is not a Business Day, by choosing one of the following: 
(a) 
“Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business Day, 
except if the following Business Day is in the next calendar month, then the interest payment date 
is the previous Business Day; or

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
(c) 
“Preceding”, where the interest payment date is the previous Business Day. 
The change of the payment date of the interest of a fixed interest note does not affect the amount of interest to be paid on 
the share of the note. 
The change of the payment date a floating rate interest influences the length of the interest period and, by implication, the 
amount of the interest to be paid on the share of the note.  
14 Payment of interest 
Interest is paid on the days which are defined in the Final Terms by applying the relevant Business Day convention 
mentioned therein. The payment is to be paid according to legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry 
accounts and according to the rules and decisions of Euroclear Finland to the Noteholder, who is entitled to receive the 
payment according to the book-entry account information. 
15 Enforcement events 
This Condition 15 applies only to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and AT1 Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Condition 15 does not apply to any Covered Bonds. 
In the event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall in respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes, default for a 
period of 7 days in the payment of any amount that has become due and payable in accordance with 
the relevant terms and conditions; or  
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) of 
the Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which any 
continuing entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the 
Issuer is otherwise declared bankrupt (in Finnish: konkurssi) or put into liquidation (in Finnish. 
selvitystila), in each case, by a court or agency or supervisory authority in Finland or elsewhere 
having jurisdiction in respect of the same,  
then the Noteholder may, to the extent permitted by applicable law:  
(i) 
(in the case of (a) above) institute proceedings for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt (in 
Finnish: konkurssi) or put into liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) in each case, in Finland 
and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) or 
liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) of the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) 
(in the case of (b) above) prove or claim in the bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) or 
liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) of the Issuer, whether in Finland or elsewhere and 
instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Noteholder may claim payment in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes only in the bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) or 
liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Noteholder 
may not claim payment in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 
Notes in the resolution or moratorium under the national laws implementing BRRD.  
In any of the events or circumstances described in (b) above, the holder of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or 
AT1 Notes may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes to be due 
and payable, and such Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes shall accordingly become due and payable 
at its prevailing outstanding amount, but subject to such Noteholder only being able to claim payment in respect of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes in the bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) or liquidation (in Finnish: 
selvitystila) of the Issuer and provided that where any such event occurs after the date on which a Trigger Event occurs 
but before the relevant Write-Down Date, the holder of any such AT1 Notes may not declare such AT1 Notes to be due 
and payable. 
The holder of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes may at its discretion institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer 
under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes (other than, without prejudice to the above, any obligation

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes) 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with the prior approval of the Stability Authority 
(in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 Notes). No remedy 
against the Issuer, other than as provided above shall be available to the holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes or AT1 Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
or AT1 Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings with respect to the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any amount that has become 
due and payable in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes in accordance with the applicable 
terms and conditions shall not constitute an event of default. 
16 Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Noteholders (hereinafter “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or request a procedure in writing 
among the Noteholders (a “Procedure in Writing”) to decide on amendments of these General Terms and Conditions or 
other matters as specified below. Euroclear Finland must be notified of the Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in 
Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. Any modification or waiver of terms and conditions 
which affects AT1 Notes or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes will be effected in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Notice of a Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day 
for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall include information on the date, place and agenda of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or the last day and address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or if the voting is to be made electronically, 
instructions for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action required on the part of a Noteholder to attend the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland in respect of the Notes, were registered as Noteholders 
on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing 
on the list of Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices), or proxies 
authorised by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes at the time 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, be entitled to vote at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded in the list of the Noteholders present in the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or participating in the Procedure in Writing.  
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chair of the meeting shall be appointed by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute quorum only if two or more persons present hold or 
represent at least fifty (50) per cent or one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred (100) per cent of the principal amount of 
the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding attends the Noteholders’ Meeting or provides replies in the Procedure 
in Writing. 
If, within thirty (30) minutes after the time specified for the start of a Noteholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not present, any 
consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the Issuer, be adjourned for consideration 
at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar days and no later than twenty-eight (28) 
calendar days after the original meeting, at a place to be determined by the Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day to 
reply to the Procedure in Writing constitutes no quorum, the time for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.  
The quorum for an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or the extended Procedure in Writing will be at least ten (10) per cent 
of the principal amount of the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding the extended time for 
replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
The notice shall also state the requirements for the constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Noteholders shall be determined according to the principal amount of the Notes held.  
The Issuer and any companies belonging to the Group shall not hold voting rights at any Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing. Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of fifty (50) per cent of the votes cast. In the event of a 
tied vote, the chair of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall have the casting vote. A representative of the Issuer and a person 
authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are binding on all 
Noteholders: 
(a) 
to change the Final Terms, including to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, 
abrogation, variation or compromise of any of the Final Terms or any arrangement in respect of the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes; 
provided, however, that consent of at least seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of 
Notes for the time being outstanding is required to: 
(a) 
decrease the principal amount of or interest on Series of Notes;  
(b) 
extend the term of Notes; 
(c) 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(d) 
alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payments; 
(e) 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes; 
(f) 
amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in 
Writing under this Condition 16; or 
(g) 
amend the majority requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
The consents may be given at a Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means in writing. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing may authorise a named person to take necessary action to enforce 
the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or of the Procedure in Writing. 
When consent from the Noteholders representing the requisite majority, as applicable, has been received in the Procedure 
in Writing, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted even if the time period for replies in the Procedure in 
Writing has not yet expired, provided that the Noteholders representing such requisite majority are registered as 
Noteholders on the list of Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) on the 
date when such requisite majority is reached. 
Resolutions passed at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all Noteholders of the 
relevant Series of Notes irrespective of whether they have been present at the Noteholders Meeting or participated in the 
Procedure in Writing. A noteholder is considered to have become aware of a resolution of a Noteholders’ Meeting and a 
Procedure in Writing when a decision has been recorded on the issue account of the Notes. In addition, Noteholders are 
obligated to inform subsequent transferees of Notes of resolutions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in 
Writing. A Noteholders’ Meeting’s resolutions must also be informed to Euroclear Finland in accordance with Euroclear 
Finland Rules. For the sake of clarity, any resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, which 
extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, 
shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer.  
17 Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes), by its acquisition 
of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts and consents that the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and any liability arising under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to 
and agrees to be bound by:  
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof:

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes (which may be a reduction to zero);  
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes;  
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or the Relevant Amounts in 
respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes; and  
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period; and  
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Resolution Authority.  
18 Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes 
If a Trigger Event occurs at any time, all of the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall immediately inform the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the Trigger Event; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall notify the holders of the AT1 Notes, in an irrevocable manner, that the Trigger Event 
has occurred (“Trigger Event Notice”); and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall without delay irrevocably and mandatorily operate a Write-Down of the AT1 Notes.  
The Write-Down of the AT1 Notes shall occur without delay and in any event not later than one month (or such shorter 
period as the Competent Authority may then require) from the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event (such date being 
a “Write-Down Date”).  
To the extent that the Write-Down or conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instruments is not effective for any reason the 
ineffectiveness of any such write-down or conversion shall not prejudice the requirement to affect a Write-Down of the 
AT1 Notes.  
Any Write-Down of the Notes shall not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer’s obligations or duties or 
a failure to perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not entitle holders to petition for the insolvency or 
dissolution of the Issuer.  
Any failure or delay by the Issuer to comply with its notification obligation under (b) above shall not prejudice a Write-
Down of the AT1 Notes. 
Without prejudice to the requirement to effect a Write-Down in accordance with this Condition 18 or any other terms and 
conditions of the Issuer’s own funds or eligible liabilities instruments, the AT1 Notes and the Issuer’s other AT1 
instruments shall be written down prior to or, at the latest, simultaneously with the write down of any Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or any other instruments of the Issuer specified in sub-paragraph (d) of Condition 3.2 (Status 
– AT1 Notes). 
19 Repurchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or cancelled. However, Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and AT1 Notes may 
only be repurchased subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase). If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives payment for any Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Note or AT1 Note by virtue of a repurchase which is not in accordance with the Conditions to Redemption 
set out in Condition 6.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and 
shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) or bankruptcy (in Finnish:

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
konkurssi) of the Issuer, to the liquidator or bankruptcy estate of the Issuer. Any refusal by the Competent Authority or 
the Stability Authority, as applicable, to grant its approval to a repurchase will not constitute an event of default under 
the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes.  
20 Force majeure 
Neither the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account operator is responsible for 
any damage arising out of:  
(a) 
an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror or any 
pandemic or global disease; 
(b) 
disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of electricity that is 
beyond the control of and that has an essential impact on the operations of the Issuer, other 
subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator; 
(c) 
interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying 
Agent or the account operator that is caused by fire of equivalent accident; 
(d) 
strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the Issuer, other 
subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator, even when it only concerns a 
part of the personnel of the above-mentioned entities and irrespective of whether the above-
mentioned entities are involved in it or not;  
(e) 
an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and 
floods); or 
(f) 
other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty for the 
operations of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator. 
21 Statute of limitations 
If a payment due and payable has not been demanded to be paid within three (3) years of its due date, the right to receive 
payment has lapsed. 
22 Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue further Tranches 
of Notes having the same terms and conditions as any of the previous Tranches under the same Series of the outstanding 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum 
subscription amount thereof) so as to form a single series with such Series.  
23 Substitution and variation 
This Condition 23 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes or AT1 Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 23 shall be construed accordingly. 
If substitution and variation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at any time following the occurrence 
of a Capital Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event, as applicable, or to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Condition 18 
(Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable Banking Regulations and (to the 
extent applicable) it has been granted the permission of the Stability Authority (in the case of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes) or the Competent Authority (in the case of AT1 Notes) (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 24 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time, either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for new Notes, which are Qualifying 
Securities, or 
(b) 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities,

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
provided that, in each case, (i) such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities and (ii) such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in 
any of the credit ratings (if any) of the relevant Notes as assigned to such Notes by any credit rating agency immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Condition 18 
(Loss absorption in relation to AT1 Notes)) and (iii) such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to 
holders (unless any such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17 (Loss 
absorption in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Condition 18 (Loss absorption in relation to AT1 
Notes)). For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a modification or 
amendment for the purposes of Condition 16 (Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing). 
Any refusal by the Stability Authority (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Competent Authority (in 
the case of AT1 Notes) to grant its approval as described above will not constitute an event of default under the terms and 
conditions of any Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 23: 
A variation or substitution shall be “materially less favourable to Noteholders” if such varied or substituted securities 
do not: 
(a) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 3.1 (Status – 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Status – AT1 Notes), as applicable; 
(b) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying 
to the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the relevant Notes; 
(d) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes), 
denomination and original aggregate outstanding nominal amount as the relevant Notes prior to such 
variation or substitution; 
(e) 
preserve any existing rights under the relevant Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation; or 
(f) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the relevant Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution; and 
“Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain terms which at such time 
result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes) or Additional Tier 1 
Capital (in the case of AT1 Notes), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable 
Banking Regulations, (in the case of a variation or substitution due to Capital Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or 
a Tax Event ) to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Capital Event, MREL Disqualification Event 
or Tax Event. 
24 Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a stock-exchange release, a notice published on the 
official website of the Issuer or a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major Finnish national daily 
newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may deliver notices on the Notes in writing directly to the Noteholders at 
the address appearing on the list of the Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with Condition 26 (Right 
to receive information and consent of the Noteholders) (or, for example, through EFi’s book-entry system or account 
operators of the book-entry system). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders when 
published in the manner specified in this Condition 24. Any disclosures required by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (“MAR”) shall be made by means of a stock exchange release.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
The address for notices to the Issuer is as follows: 
S-Bank Plc 
Fleminginkatu 34 
FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland  
25 Other provisions 
The Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of a Noteholders’ meeting under Condition 16 (Noteholders’ Meeting and 
Procedure in Writing) of these General Terms and Conditions, make appropriate changes to the Final Terms if such 
changes do not weaken the position of the Noteholders. The Issuer must notify the Noteholders of the amendments to the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 24 (Notices) above. 
Such changes may be for example: 
(a) 
changes resulting from the development of the book-entry system; or 
(b) 
correcting minor typing errors. 
26 Right to receive information and consent of the Noteholders 
The Noteholders give their consent to that, notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer and the Issuer Agent are 
entitled to obtain, and Euroclear Finland is entitled to give, at the request of the Issuer or the Issuer Agent, any information 
on the Noteholders entered in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland, including the name, contact details 
and possible Business ID of the Noteholder. Furthermore, the Issuer or the Issuer Agent shall, subject to the Euroclear 
Finland Rules and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of the Notes. Further, 
the Issuer may provide the FIN-FSA with the information of the Noteholders, if required by applicable laws. 
27 Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, Finnish law.  
Any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki (in Finnish: 
Helsingin käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
S-BANK PLC  
EUR [●] [Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes/AT1 Notes/Covered Bonds] Due [●] 
under the EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, AT1 Notes 
and Covered Bonds 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point 
e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; [and] (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the negative target market for the Notes is clients 
that seek full capital protection or full repayment of the amount invested, are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or 
need a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return profile]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); or (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)/distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
These Final Terms have been drawn in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and they are to be 
read together with the Base Prospectus regarding programme for the Issuance of Notes by S-Bank Plc (the “Issuer”)

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
dated [●] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] and [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) (the “Programme”). Unless otherwise 
stated in these Final Terms, the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme shall apply. 
 
The complete information regarding the Issuer and the Notes may be found in the Base Prospectus, including documents 
incorporated into it by reference, and in these Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]] and the Final Terms are available at the web page of [●] and 
at request from [●] or at the subscription places mentioned in the Final Terms. 
 
EVEN THOUGH THE AMOUNT TO BE REPAID IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE NOTES IS THE NOMINAL VALUE OF THE NOTES, THE INVESTOR MAY LOSE PART OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, IF THE NOTES ARE SUBSCRIBED ABOVE NOMINAL VALUE AND THE AMOUNT 
OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE, IF APPLICABLE. 
 
Name and number of the Series of Notes: 
[●] 
Tranche number: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Status: 
[Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes][AT1 
Notes][Covered Bonds] 
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
 
[Not applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of Series/Tranche of Notes] on 
[insert date/the Issue date.]] 
Lead Manager(s): 
[Name and Address] 
Subscription place(s) of this Series of Notes: 
[Name and Address / Not applicable] 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent:  
 
[Name and Address] 
Calculation Agent:  
 
[Name and Address] / [The Issuer acts as the calculation 
agent]  
Interests 
of 
the 
Arranger/Lead 
Manager(s)/other 
subscription place/other parties taking part in the issue: 
[The customary sector connected commercial interest / 
possible other interest] 
Principal and currency of the Notes: 
[EUR] [●] / [EUR] [●]. [Final Principal is to be confirmed 
by the Issuer]  
Number of book-entry units: 
[●] 
Form of the Notes: 
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity book-
entry security system 
Denomination of book-entry unit: 
[●] 
The minimum amount of Notes to be offered for 
subscription: 
[●]/ [Not applicable]  
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection 
with the subscription] / [The subscription shall be paid at 
the time of the subscription] 
[The fees related to subscription are EUR [●].]

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
Issue date:  
[●] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed: [●]] / [The issue price is floating 
and will not exceed [●]] 
Amount and manner of redemption:  
The nominal amount of principal of the Note 
[The Notes will be repaid in one instalment.] [The Notes 
will be repaid in several instalments [define the amounts of 
the instalments].] 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s):] 
[●] 
 
ii) 
[Optional Redemption Amount:] 
 
[●] 
iii) 
[If redeemable in part: 
 
a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
b) Maximum Redemption Amount:] 
 
[●] 
iv) 
[Notice periods:] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
Maturity Date: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[Insert Extended Final Maturity Date] 
[In accordance with Condition 6 (The term of the Notes, 
redemption and extension of maturity), if the Issuer applies 
for the approval of the FIN-FSA at the latest on the fifth 
(5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date that the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which 
the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable should be 
extended by the FIN-FSA up to but no later than the 
Extended Final Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) the 
Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from 
ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to meet the 
liquidity requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act if it 
makes payments towards the principal and interest of the 
maturing Covered Bonds and (iii) the extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in 
which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the same Cover 
Asset Pool are maturing, and if the FIN-FSA determines

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of 
the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled and it gives its 
approval to the extension, the resolution of the FIN-FSA 
shall confirm the extended Maturity Date of the Covered 
Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will then 
be due and repayable. In that event, the Issuer may redeem 
all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, all in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final 
Maturity Date).] 
Substitution and variation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
Interest:  
[Define here, if the Notes are so-called zero coupon Notes, 
or which general note terms, either Condition 10.1 (Fixed 
rate interest) or Condition 10.2 (Floating reference rate 
interest), is applied and include required details as 
follows:] 
[Condition 10.1 (Fixed rate interest):] 
[Interest rate] [●] per annum 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity Date] 
[Condition 10.2 (Floating reference rate interest):] 
EURIBOR  
of [●] months 
[Margin] [●] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each month/quarter/half 
year/year commencing on [●] until the Maturity Date] 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] 
Minimum/maximum amount of interest: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
Business Day convention: 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding]

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded in 
the book-entry security accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be [●] 
Relevant benchmark[s]: 
[The administrator of EURIBOR is the European Money 
Market Institute (EMMI). EMMI is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by 
European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 
2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the Benchmarks 
Regulation).] / [Not Applicable] 
LEI Code of the Issuer: 
 
743700FTBNXAUN57RH30  
ISIN Code of the Series of the Notes: 
 
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions: 
 
[Applicable (from and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date / Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
[●] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
 
[●] day of each month, commencing on [●] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360]] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of 
interest:] 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
b) Floating Rate Provisions:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
EURIBOR  
[of [●] months] 
[Margin [●]] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
 
[●] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
 
[●] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of 
interest:] 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding]

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
Other information 
This information of the Tranche of the Notes is presented in connection with the issue of each Tranche of Notes. 
 
Decision and authority based on which Notes are issued: 
 
[Based on the authorisation dates [●] of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors / Based on the resolution of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors dated on [●]] 
Subscription period: 
[●] 
Condition for executing the issue: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Yield: 
 
The effective interest yield to the investor on the issue 
date, when the issue price is [100] per cent, is [●] per cent 
/ [zero coupon] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
 
[●] per cent of the principal of the Notes, at maximum. 
Credit rating of the Notes:  
 
[●] / [Not applicable] / [The Notes are expected to be rated 
by S&P] 
Listing: 
[Shall] / [Shall not] be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange  
Use of Proceeds: 
[Execution of the Issuer’s growth strategy and general 
corporate purposes] [and] [To cover the [MREL]/ 
[additional tier 1 capital] requirement of the Issuer [and 
general corporate purposes]] / [●] 
Estimated time of listing:  
 
 
 
In Helsinki, on [date] 
S-BANK PLC 
 
[●]/ [Not applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
The following is a summarised presentation of certain aspects of the banking regulatory environment in which the Group 
operates: 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
The new Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”) commenced its operation in November 2014. The SSM is a system 
of financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The 
legal basis for the SSM is the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced its supervisory role under 
the SSM on 4 November 2014. Within the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-called significant credit institutions and 
has an indirect role in the supervision of less significant credit institutions. Less significant credit institutions continue to 
be supervised by their national supervisors, in close cooperation with the ECB. In Finland, the supervision of the less 
significant credit institutions under SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can 
decide to directly supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are 
applied consistently. 
 
One of the most significant reforms with respect to the regulation of banks is the capital adequacy requirements imposed 
on European banks. The Capital Requirement Directive and Regulation (CRD IV Directive/CRR) were published in the 
EU Official Journal on 27 June 2013. These rules and regulations implement the Basel III standards within the EU and 
are aimed, for example, at improving the quality of banks’ capital base, reducing the cyclic nature of capital requirements, 
decreasing banks’ indebtedness and setting quantitative limits to liquidity risk. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the business and productivity of banks. The 
requirements concerning the amount and nature of acceptable capital will have an impact on the amount of equity that 
will be recognised in capital adequacy calculations and will drive the business of banks towards long-term, low-yield 
financing arrangements at the expense of short-term ones and towards searching for new ways to obtain financing. In the 
medium term, therefore, banks must focus on increasing their capital and liquidity, which will reduce dividends and 
restrict the distribution of profits. Increasing the capital and liquidity of the banks will have an adverse impact on the 
productivity of banking. It will also have an impact on capital management, the pricing of products and business, the 
willingness to grant credit and the rearrangement of liabilities. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of 
banks. As the demand for long-term financing increases, the financing available from institutional investors, which are 
generally aiming to reduce their holdings in the finance sector, may prove to be insufficient. More than before, small 
banks will face difficulties in obtaining financing and capital that satisfies the requirements, which will enable larger 
banks to exert control over the market price of financing. Even if the availability of financing could be secured, financing 
may not be available at a reasonable price and under reasonable terms. As a result, some current business models may no 
longer be profitable, and some banks may exit the market, which would reduce competition in the banking sector. Major 
parts of the CRD IV package governing the capital adequacy and liquidity requirements are already in force in Finland 
and applicable to Finnish credit institutions.  
 
On 16 April 2019 the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (the BRRD as 
amended, the “BRRD II”, and all proposals together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package 
includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes 
and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published 
a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was published 
in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules have applied since 
mid-2021. However, certain requirements of the Banking Reform Package have not yet taken full effect, as these 
requirements are intended to enter into force gradually. It is not possible to predict all the potential impacts the Banking 
Reform Package may have on the business of credit institutions before it has been fully implemented. 
 
The BRRD (including without limitation as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms) sets out the necessary steps and powers 
for authorities to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial 
instability and minimises the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system costs for taxpayers. 
The directive was implemented into Finnish legislation through the Finnish Act on Recovery and Resolution of Credit

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
Institutions and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1194/2014, as 
amended). 
 
The powers granted to the resolution authorities to apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers set forth 
in the BRRD include the introduction of a statutory ‘write-down and conversion power’ with respect to capital instruments 
and a ‘bail-in power’, which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities (which could include the Notes (however, in the case of Covered 
Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover 
Asset Pool), of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes 
(however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out 
of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool)) into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving group 
entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides resolution 
authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may 
include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise 
apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of the bank to a ‘bridge institution’ (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) 
transferring all or part of the assets of the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to 
allow them to be managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use of financial public support only as a 
last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-
in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion powers. 
 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to restructure 
it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-down and 
conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point of non-
viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. The Finnish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms implements the BRRD’s order in which the bail-in 
tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions) and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. 
 
Capital Requirements and Standards 
 
The Banking Reform Package, including the CRR II, introduces binding requirements for a leverage ratio of 3 per cent 
and a binding requirement for a Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) of 100 per cent. CRR II also includes a new 
standardised method to compute the exposure value of derivatives exposures, calculations for market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to investment undertakings, large exposures and lending to small and medium sized 
enterprises (SMEs). The updates to the directive (the CRD V) include updates to supervisory measures and capital 
conservation measures. Among other changes, it updates the rules governing Pillar 2. Specifically, CRD V introduces a 
split of Pillar 2 add-ons into Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) and Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), where the P2R will increase the 
MDA level (maximum distributable amount) while the P2G does not affect the MDA level. Both the CRR II and the CRD 
V entered into force on 27 June 2019. The CRR II has generally applied as of 28 June 2021, and the CRD V as of 28 
December 2020. The Finnish parliament adopted extensive changes to the Finnish national legislation by implementing 
the changes relating to the EU's second banking package on 26 March 2021. The main amendments further specify the 
grounds for setting various capital requirements; lay down provisions concerning the setting on an equity ratio basis of 
certain capital requirements or asset distribution restrictions; impose a licensing requirement on financial sector holding 
companies and extend certain aspects of the regulation and monitoring of credit institution activities to cover these holding 
companies; lay down provisions on a new calculation model for assessing the interest risks of financial accounts; lighten 
the regulation of credit institutions’ remuneration; and partially expand the circle of people covered by the regulation of 
related party lending. As for resolution, the main amendments supplement the regulation concerning the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and lay down provisions on new powers for the resolution authority to 
restrict the distribution of assets by institutions and suspend the implementation of agreements. 
 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of EU banking rules, i.e. the European Commission’s 
Banking Package (CRR III, CRD VI and BRRD) by which the final elements of the Basel III framework (Basel IV) will 
be implemented into EU law. The review consists of the following legislative elements: a legislative proposal to amend 
the CRD, a legislative proposal to amend the CRR, and a separate legislative proposal to amend the CRR in the area of

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
resolution (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). These new rules will ensure that EU banks become more resilient to 
potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
transition to climate neutrality. The package implements the international  Basel III agreement, while taking into account 
the specific features of the EU's banking sector, for example when it comes to low-risk mortgages. The Basel IV package 
will be implemented in 2022 at the earliest and includes revisions to capital requirements calculation of credit risk, 
operational risk, credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer for 
large and systemically important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal models. In 
addition, revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) were initially agreed in 2016 (a 
revision was published on 14 January 2019) and were implemented together with the CRR II on 28 June 2021. The EU 
announcement indicates an application date of 1 January 2025, with transitional arrangements applying over a further 
five-year period.  
 
The scope of CRR III and CRD VI incorporates changes to the standardised approach for credit risk, the internal ratings-
based (IRB) approach for credit risk, the calculation of credit valuation adjustment (CVA), the operational risk framework 
as well as an output floor, limiting the capital benefit from risk models. The European Commission has also incorporated 
amendments to the market risk framework (FRTB), initially implemented in CRR II. Besides the Basel generated changes, 
the European Commission has incorporated a number of other developments into the revised rules (CRR) and directive 
(CRD), among which are amendments to CRR and CRD to incorporate ESG requirements, and a new framework for 
regulating and supervising third-country branches (TCBs) in the EU, adjustments to Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R) and the 
Systemic Risk Buffer (SyRB) accompanying the introduction of the output floor. Moreover, the changes will bring 
enhanced definitions of entities to be included in the scope of prudential consolidation, capturing FinTech ownership and 
engagement in financial activities, and the EBA is given authority to centralize the publication of annual, semi-annual 
and quarterly institutional prudential information for the largest institutions in the EU. The new banking package will 
also set forth provisions regarding independence of competent authorities and addressing conflicts of interest as well as 
expansion of supervisory powers to competent authorities in the EU to create a common standard, implementation into 
law of a requirement to conduct fit and proper assessments of directors to a common standard, and clarification of the 
interplay between the failing or likely to fail declaration. Furthermore, the package introduces an amendment to the 
approach of supervisory benchmarking of expected credit risk losses for purposes of calculating own funds requirements. 
Finally, the so called “daisy chain” proposal concerning the CRR relates to the internal total loss absorbing capacity 
(TLAC) deduction regime recommended in the EBA draft regulatory technical standard (RTS) and addresses some other 
resolution-related issues concerning the regulatory treatment of G-SII groups with a multiple point of entry (MPE) 
resolution strategy. Both the current updates to the CRR and the CRD as well as the Basel VI package could affect the 
Group’s capital relations negatively. 
 
As of 1 January 2018, the international accounting regulation IAS 39, “Financial instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement” was replaced by IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”. Under IFRS 9, banks are required, inter alia, to apply a 
forward-looking approach to impairments by estimating expected credit losses based on each bank’s view of the market. 
Banks may employ statistical methods to calculate loan loss provisions in respect of essentially all credit risk-bearing 
assets, thus also including loans that have not yet defaulted. This approach will lead to an increase in provision amounts, 
which may affect the banks’ capital adequacy ratios. For banks that apply IRB and have a substantial surplus of regulatory 
expected losses to loan loss provisions, the effect on the capital base is limited since the surplus has already been 
subtracted from the capital base today. The EU has provided an optional 5-year phase-in of the effect of IFRS 9 on the 
capital base, with a gradually declining recovery to the capital base. During 2018, 95 per cent, during 2019 85 per cent 
and during 2020 70 per cent of expected impairment losses may be restored to common equity Tier 1 capital in the capital 
adequacy assessment. 
 
The FIN-FSA established buffer requirements related to Pillar 2 capital adequacy regulations totalling 1.50 per cent of 
the Group’s risk exposure amount starting in 30 September 2021. Three fourth of the requirement must be covered by 
Tier 1 capital, of which three fourth by common equity Tier 1 capital. Any updates to the Pillar 2 capital requirement by 
the FIN-FSA could affect the Group’s capital position negatively. 
 
On 16 December 2021, the FIN-FSA announced that the board of the FIN-FSA decided to keep the countercyclical capital 
buffer (CCyB) requirement, referred to in Chapter 10, Section 4 of the Credit Institutions Act, at the level of 0.0 per cent. 
The aim of the FIN-FSA’s decision was to continue to mitigate the negative effects of the Coronavirus pandemic on the 
stability of financial markets and on credit institutions’ ability to finance the economy. 
 
Resolution Laws 
 
The European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59 entered into force on 2 July 2014 and it was 
implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on Procedure for the Resolution of Credit Institutions

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended, the 
“Resolution Act”), the Act on the Financial Stability Authority (laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as 
amended, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Credit Institutions Act (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”). The 
Authority Act deals with the operation and powers of the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (the “Stability 
Authority”), being the national resolution authority having counterparts in all EU member states and established for the 
purposes of the enforcement of the Resolution Act and other regulation relating to recovery and resolution of financial 
institutions. The Banking Reform Package included a legislative resolution on a directive amending the BRRD which has 
been implemented into national legislation. 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the institutions subject 
to its powers. The resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into 
a resolution process. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the 
BRRD. To be able to use the other resolution tools, the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution 
process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools, including write-down of debts 
or conversion of debts into equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the 
operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by 
reducing the value of the institution’s share capital or cancelling its shares. This is a precondition for any support from 
the resolution fund administered by the Stability Authority. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to address failing 
financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers’ exposure to losses. The regime 
imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, 
authorises the resolution authority to assess the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove 
impediments to resolvability. This obligation will be specified through the European Banking Authority (EBA) Guideline 
01/2022, which will come into force on 1 January 2024. Financial institutions shall carry out preparatory measures in 
2022 and 2023. In the event of a distress of a financial institution, the regime allows competent authorities, being in 
Finland the FIN-FSA, to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to any financial institution that the 
FIN-FSA considers is unlikely to be able to meet the conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or infringes its 
capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to require the financial institution to take measures 
referred to in its recovery plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve any 
such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its debts as 
instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, legal or administrative structure. 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial institution 
that the Stability Authority considers as failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any 
measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of resolution measures is necessary to 
protect significant public interest.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its 
requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, 
or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any of its group companies have been classified by the 
FIN-FSA as a systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise significant credit institution 
to the financial system in Finland. 
The measures available in respect of a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: kriisihallinto) 
include the power and obligation on the resolution authority, to write-down or convert capital instruments (shares or other 
equity) in the institution in order to cover losses of the distressed financial institution. The resolution instruments (in 
Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the Stability Authority under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
• 
enforce bail-in - the resolution authority has the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured creditors of 
the distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in tool, 
in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen ja muuntaminen). Such equity could also be subject to any future write-
down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of 
any Notes issued under the Programme, although in the case of Covered Bonds, this would only be the case if

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds would exceed the value of the cover 
pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured; 
• 
enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity instruments) (in Finnish: 
liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
• 
redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution – the Stability Authority may transfer 
all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (in Finnish: väliaikainen laitos) which is an 
entity created for this purpose by the resolution authority); and 
• 
transfer all or part of the assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset management vehicles 
(in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with the intention of maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down. 
The following is a brief summary of the regulation that concerns benchmarks: 
Benchmark Regulation 
The EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent EU, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and it came into force on 1 
January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). EURIBOR has been authorised 
under the Benchmarks Regulation and added to the benchmark register maintained by the ESMA in July 2019. 
The Market Abuse Regulation 
The MAR establishes a common regulatory framework on insider dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information 
and market manipulation (market abuse) as well as measures to prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the 
financial market in the European Union and to enhance investor protection and confidence in those markets. In its capacity 
as a provider of investment services, the Issuer is already subject to the MAR and obligations to prevent and counter 
market manipulation and abuse. MAR imposes a range of regulatory requirements that will be new for the Issuer in its 
capacity as an issuer of listed financial instruments and violations of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, 
such as penalties or even criminal sanctions. MAR also contains rules on, among other things, procedures relating to the 
maintenance of insider lists and the disclosure of managers’ transactions.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the act (the “Covered Bond Act”) (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista 
ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022), through which the Covered Bond Directive (EU) 2019/2162 is implemented. The 
Covered Bond Act repealed the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 
688/2010) on 8 July 2022. In addition, the summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all 
aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered notes under the Covered Bond Act. Please also 
refer to the “Risk Factors”. The terms defined in this section apply in the context of this section only.  
 
Background 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “Covered Bond Directive”) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. The Covered Bond Directive and the 
aforementioned regulation came into effect on 7 January 2020. The Covered Bond Directive aims to provide for a 
common definition of covered bonds in the EU, defining the structural features of the instrument and identifying those 
high quality assets that can be considered eligible in the pool backing the debt obligations. The Covered Bond Directive 
also aims to establish a sound special public supervision for covered bonds and sets out the rules allowing the use of the 
‘European Covered Bonds’ label. 
 
In Finland, the Covered Bond Act came into force on 8 July 2022, repealing the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank 
Activity. 
 
The Covered Bond Act enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) which are debt instruments 
secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset Pool”). The Covered Bond Act regulates which assets can 
be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as 
the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each 
an issuer). 
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bond Act and may issue 
regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does 
not comply with the provisions of the Covered Bond Act or the conditions of the licence granted by the FIN-FSA, the 
FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such 
requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in 
mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the Covered Bond Act  
The issuing of covered notes under the Covered Bond Act requires that the issuer has a separate licence for mortgage 
banking activity which is applied from the FIN-FSA. Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which 
involves the issuing of covered notes on the basis of loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing 
companies (apartments), commercial real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims 
against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the Covered Bond Act in 
order to be able to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The FIN-FSA shall 
grant the authorisation, if, based on the evidence obtained from the credit institution, it can be assured of, among other 
things, that the business plan presented by the issuer is sufficiently comprehensive, that the credit institution has in place 
suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool(s), that 
mortgage banking activity is being conducted in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and the regulations given by 
virtue of it, and that the activity of the credit institution is stable and that its economic position and operational capability 
are sufficient to secure the repayment of covered notes. Moreover, the FIN-FSA shall be assured that the register of 
covered notes of the issuer fulfils the statutory requirements, and the issuer must have principles and policies for valuation 
of collateral and the expertise and professional skill required by mortgage banking activity. Additionally, the FIN-FSA 
may grant the authorisation only if it is not aware of anything, pursuant to which the liquidity, solvency, or the economic 
position otherwise or the risk management of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan would be jeopardised. In 
addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks 
whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage credit business are entitled to issue covered notes after 
receiving the authorisation referred to in Section 8 of the Covered Bond Act.

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
Register of covered notes 
The Covered Bond Act requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral 
which forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan shall also be entered in the 
Register. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the 
preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool 
and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into on behalf of the 
issuer. Furthermore, as the issuer is, pursuant to Section 29 of the Covered Bond Act, entitled to use different Cover Asset 
Pools for different covered notes, the Register must also specify which Cover Asset Pools constitute collateral for which 
covered notes. In other words, the collateral shall be entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes. Only 
the issuer or the credit institution being the debtor of an intermediary loan is entitled to provide security to a covered note. 
Moreover, after the commencement of a bankruptcy or a liquidation of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, 
the funds accrued on the collateral shall be separated from other assets of the credit institution having given the collateral 
in question, and they shall be entered into the Register.  
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The information 
in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are permitted 
as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, each as defined 
in the Covered Bond Act as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans secured by (i) 
mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of 
the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable 
to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans 
secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company referred to in Chapter 
28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area.  
Public-Sector Loans are loans (i) which have been granted to a state, municipality, central bank or other public-sector 
entity provided that such fulfils the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph (a) or (b) of CRR 
or (ii) fully collateralised by a guarantee as for its own debt by a public-sector entity referred to in point (i).  
At most 10 per cent of the total nominal amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Commercial Real 
Estate Loans (unless otherwise agreed in the terms and conditions of the notes) and at most 20 per cent of the total nominal 
amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Substitute Collateral. The FIN-FSA may grant an exemption 
from the requirement in respect of Substitute Collateral. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used for fulfilling the liquidity requirement and as collateral for covered notes on a 
temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the Covered Bond Act (see “Substitute Collateral” below).  
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
It is not possible to directly record collateral for an individual covered note. Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, collateral 
shall be included in a Cover Asset Pool and each covered note can simultaneously only belong to one Cover Asset Pool. 
However, an issuer is entitled to cover several covered notes with one Cover Asset Pool.  
A Mortgage Loan entered into the Cover Asset Pool as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of 
the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral at the time of recording the asset into the 
Cover Asset Pool. The current value shall be calculated using good property evaluation practice applicable to credit 
institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. Pursuant to Section 16 of the CBA, the Issuer must also make sure that the risks of damages 
related to the mortgage loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are properly insured. The insurance cover is used in the 
Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds (“Insurance Compensation”). The issuer is not obliged to remove a Mortgage 
Loan from the Cover Asset Pool of a specific covered note due to the collateral’s future performance under the Covered 
Bond Act. Pursuant to the preparatory works of the Covered Bond Act, if the issuer technically executes the evaluation 
of the whole Cover Asset Pool on a regular basis, the decisive point of time is considered to be the moment when the 
collateral was first technically recorded in the Cover Asset Pool.  
Requirements for matching cover 
The Covered Bond Act seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net 
present value of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This is 
achieved by Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must always 
exceed the liabilities under the covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 
per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered notes. Moreover, if the requirements prescribed 
in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of CRR are not fulfilled, the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must 
be at least 5 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities. The net present value shall also cover the estimated 
costs in relation winding-down of the covered notes. In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following 
limitations apply: 
1) the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
3) the principal of the Substitute Collateral 
 
may be taken into account. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 31 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall ensure that the Cover Asset Pool continuously includes such 
amount of Substitute Collateral that covers the maximum net outflow connected to covered notes during the upcoming 
180-day period (liquidity requirement). In calculating the net outflow connected to the covered notes, the issuer may take 
into account the extension of the maturity of any covered notes in accordance with Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act 
up to the final maturity date. Before the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a 
debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary 
loan, treat the interest payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral.  
Determination of requirements under Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered Bond Act 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 23 and 31 
of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
(3) 
the principal of the Substitute Collateral.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered Bond Act. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the Covered Bond Act may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral. However, in case Substitute Collateral is used 
to fulfil the liquidity requirement, the limit of 20 per cent of Substitute Collateral does not apply pursuant to Section 22 
of the Covered Bond Act. Substitute Collateral may include: (a) assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets 
pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation adopted pursuant to Article 460 of CRR; and (b) short-term exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with point (c) of Article 129(1) of CRR. However, Substitute Collateral may 
not include assets that are issued by the credit institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other 
than a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or 
by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links. The use of Substitute Collateral 
is regarded as temporary provided that (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered 
as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the requirements set out in Chapter 
4 of the Covered Bond Act. The instruments included in Substitute Collateral shall fulfil the requirements prescribed in 
Article 129 of CRR both individually and as a whole, among other limitations set on the aggregated amount of credit 
institution and public sector counterparty risks. 
Extension of maturity (soft bullet) 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a provision that 
enables the issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the 
FIN-FSA. In addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain 
long-term financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the Covered 
Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that the extension of 
maturity does not affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. 
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, 
its resolution shall confirm the extended maturity date of such covered notes applied for by the Issuer, which shall be a 
date on or before the final extended maturity date specified in the terms and conditions. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in Section 35 of the 
Covered Bond Act nor against an intermediary loan.  
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a covered 
note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit institution 
nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
Under Sections 20 and 39 of the Covered Bond Act, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered 
note shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds 
accruing on the Cover Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The same applies to Derivatives Transactions. 
The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings 
against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the 
bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the Register. Under Section 43 of the Covered Bond Act, the 
bankruptcy administrator in bankruptcy or the liquidator in liquidation have the right, upon demand or approval of the 
supervisor (defined below), to seek for permission to extend the maturity of the Covered Bond if the terms and conditions 
provide the possibility for extension of maturity in accordance with Section 32 explained above.  
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the Covered Bond Act may not be recovered pursuant to the Finnish 
Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended). 
Pursuant to Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act, Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Asset Pool for a covered note 
for their total value. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the Derivative Transactions entered in the Cover Asset Pool and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the 
issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan”). These parties have a right 
to receive payment after the funds specified in Section 20 of the CBA. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see “Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”), transfer collateral entered 
in the Cover Asset Pool of the relevant covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net 
present value of the Cover Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 45 of the Covered Bond Act, considerably exceed the 
total amount of the covered notes and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the 
obligations in respect of the covered notes, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority (Laki 
finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and creditor entities 
comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the 
management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to 
be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge 
of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties. The remuneration of the supervisor shall 
be decided by the FIN-FSA, and the issuer is responsible for the payment of the remuneration. The payment of the 
remuneration is secured by the Cover Asset Pool(s). Should the FIN-FSA pay the remuneration on behalf of the issuer, 
the right to claim payment of the remuneration would be transferred to the FIN-FSA and the corresponding priority in 
respect of the Cover Asset Pool would be preserved. The FIN-FSA shall always take steps to appoint an administrator 
when the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings.  
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise 
the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions 
necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell 
a sufficient amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In 
addition, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude 
contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register under the relevant Cover 
Asset Pool. Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 44 of the Covered Bond Act and each 
bank account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the Register. 
If the matching cover requirements of the collateral of a covered note cannot be fulfilled due to the issuer or the debtor 
of an intermediary loan being in bankruptcy or liquidation, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in liquidation 
shall, on the demand or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the covered notes and the intermediary loans connected 
thereto as well as sell the funds being collateral for each covered note for their payment. The bankruptcy administrator or 
the liquidator in liquidation is entitled, upon demand or approval by the supervisor, to apply from the FIN-FSA for a

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
permission to extend the maturity of a covered note, if the covered note includes a condition referred to in Section 32 of 
the Covered Bond Act, pursuant to which the issuer can, on the permission granted by the FIN-FSA, extend the maturity 
of the covered note upon fulfilment of the conditions included in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered 
Bond Act, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Cover Asset Pool comprises only of Housing Loans and Substitute Collateral within the 
limits set by the CBA (as summarised under “Finnish Covered Bond Act”) and the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer will substitute assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the Cover Asset Pool in accordance 
with the requirements of the CBA and such terms and conditions and supplement the Cover Asset Pool with new Housing 
Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in the Cover Asset Pool being 
repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets. The Issuer continuously monitors that the current value of the 
Cover Asset Pool exceeds the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least five per cent. 
Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 
a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must have a value of at least five per cent. In addition, 
the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the value and the quality of the Cover Asset Pool by regular stress tests. 
 
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the Cover Asset Pool and the policies for granting loans 
are summarised below. 
 
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool 
 
All Housing Loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with the 
applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
• 
verifying the identity of the borrower; 
• 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity; 
• 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability; 
• 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and 
• 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register. 
The Issuer identifies the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool according to criteria set by 
the CBA and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include but are not limited to the following: 
• 
the borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
• 
the principal amount of the Housing Loan must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the Housing 
Loan, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower; and 
• 
the Housing Loan must be secured by eligible assets located in Finland and must be denominated in euro. 
• 
The Issuer does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
All of the abovementioned origination criteria for the Housing Loans, including the applicable lending criteria, and for 
the Cover Asset Pool have been set out as of the date of this Base Prospectus and might change over time. The composition 
and characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool will change over time. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the 
Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the CBA and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool 
on its website at s-pankki.fi/investors on a quarterly basis in connection with the issuance of its financial statements and 
interim financial statements.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions  
 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against risks relating 
to Covered Bonds and/or a Series of Covered Bonds or the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Such Derivative Transactions 
will be entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool that carry floating rates of interest covering the relevant Covered 
Bonds that carry a fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may also enter into one or more interest rate 
swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Pool 
that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a floating rate payment obligation for the 
Issuer.  
 
Documentation  
 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap counterparty will 
be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be subject to an agreement 
between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
(each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of 
Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative 
Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) occurs.  
 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty may be 
liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Transaction(s). 
  
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described in this 
section “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”.  
 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer  
 
Under the CBA, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool 
shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms notwithstanding a bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the Derivative Transaction. Counterparties to such Derivative 
Transactions (along with holders of the Covered Bonds) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer to the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Accordingly, such counterparties (and holders of the Covered Bonds) 
have the statutory right to receive payment from the assets in the Cover Asset Pool before all other holders of claims and 
this right remains for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding. Pursuant to Section 44 of the CBA, providers of 
liquidity loans and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a right to receive payment after the funds specified in Section 20 of 
the CBA. 
 
Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled 
to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative Transaction and security to a third party if it is deemed 
to be in the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
INFORMATION ON S-BANK  
Overview 
 
S-Bank’s business operations were established in 2007 in Helsinki. The Issuer was registered in the trade register on 1 
May 2014 and the corporate form of the Issuer was changed from a limited liability company to a public limited company 
on 19 November 2020. The Issuer’s registration number in the Finnish Patent and Registration Office is 2557308-3 and 
its domicile is in Helsinki and therefore, Finnish legislation applies to the Issuer. The Issuer’s accounting period is one 
calendar year. The Issuer’s registered address is Fleminginkatu 34, 00510 Helsinki, Finland and its telephone number is 
+358 010768011. The Issuer’s legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 743700FTBNXAUN57RH30. According to Article 2 
of its articles of association, the Issuer engages in business operations of a deposit bank as set out in the Credit Institutions 
Act. In addition, the Issuer provides investment services as defined in Chapter 1 Section 15 of the Finnish Act on 
Investment Services (sijoituspalvelulaki 747/2012, as amended).  
 
S-Bank is a Finnish bank that provides its customers with banking and wealth management services. S-Bank is wholly 
owned by the S Group (“S Group”). S Group’s ownership of the Issuer’s shares is divided between SOK Corporation 
and the regional cooperatives of S Group. S Group is a Finnish retailing cooperative organisation, and the bank was 
established on the basis of strong co-operative values (see section “Additional information on S Group”). At the end of 
the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022, the Group employed a total of 754 people (30 September 2021: 678). 
Of this number 595 (30 September 2021: 532) worked for S-Bank Plc, 37 (30 September 2021: 65) at the subsidiaries of 
the Wealth Management business and 122 (30 September 2021: 81) at S-Asiakaspalvelu Oy. The salaries and 
remunerations paid to personnel at the Group totalled EUR 33.8 million (30 September 2021: EUR 29,3 million). 
 
The FIN-FSA supervises the Issuer’s activities in accordance with Finnish law. As regards the supervision of the Issuer, 
the SSM (as defined in the “Risk Factors”) commenced its operations in November 2014. The SSM is a system of financial 
supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. Pursuant to the 
Credit Institutions Act and Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer is currently classified as a high impact less 
significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Issuer under the SSM is primarily carried out by the 
FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions 
directly to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied consistently. On 30 June 2022, the FIN-FSA authorised the 
Issuer to engage in mortgage banking activities in accordance with the CBA. 
 
History and Development of the Issuer 
 
S-Bank began its operations in October 2007. The bank was founded by S Group, a customer-owned Finnish network of 
companies in the retail and service sectors, with more than 1,900 outlets in Finland.  
 
The business was launched by converting the savings of S Group’s customer-owners into bank deposits. In its first full 
year in 2008, S-Bank introduced payment cards and consumer credit to its customers.  
 
In 2009, S-Bank signed an agreement, according to which Citibank International PLC’s credit portfolio designed for 
private customers would be transferred to S-Bank. As a result, S-Bank’s consumer credit business received a boost in 
2010. In 2013, S-Bank acquired a majority stake in FIM, an independent asset manager, and started to expand into mutual 
funds and other wealth management services operations.  
 
In 2014, S-Bank and LocalTapiola Bank Plc merged. After the merger, the ownership of S-Bank was divided between S 
Group (75 per cent), LocalTapiola (23.5 per cent) and Elo (1.5 per cent) (see “Share Capital and Ownership”). Between 
2014–2017, S-Bank invested in integration and developed digital services such as the “S-mobiili” mobile application (“S-
mobiili”) that currently serves approximately one million customers in their daily banking needs.  
 
In 2017, the Group’s SME and agriculture business was divested to Oma Saving Bank Plc and the Group’s focus was 
shifted to the core retail business and improving the efficiency of the business.  
 
S-Bank became a leading player in impact investing in the Nordic region according to the management’s view after S-
Bank Private Equity Funds Ltd acquired the entire share capital of S-Bank Impact Investments Ltd (formerly Epiqus Oy) 
in January 2019. 
 
The decision to expand S-Bank’s operations into mortgage credit bank activity was made in late 2019, and in 2020 the 
bank obtained a mortgage banking licence from the FIN-FSA. S-Bank has acquired a credit rating from S&P. Initial credit 
rating BBB rating for long term-funding and A-2 for short term funding with negative outlook was assigned 31.7.2020.

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
Outlook was raised to stable in January 2021 which was in line with the rest of the Finnish banking sector. The same 
credit rating of BBB for long-term borrowing and A-2 for short-term borrowing with a stable outlook was sustained in 
the report published by S&P on 22 September 2022. 
 
S-Bank’s Wealth Management business expanded and became a leading provider of real estate investment services in 
Finland in 2020 according to the management’s view when S-Bank acquired the operations of Fennia Asset Management 
Ltd and Fennia Properties Ltd. During the first half of the year, S-Bank completed its project to integrate the asset 
management and real estate investment services acquired from Fennia insurance company. The integration project was 
completed by 31.3.2021. 
 
In autumn 2021, S-Bank renewed its brand, while simultaneously starting to use the S-Bank brand in wealth management 
in place of the FIM brand. S-Bank has informed its customers of the intra-group business transfer in relation to the 
discretionary asset management business from S-Bank Fund Management Ltd to the Issuer as of 1 October 2021. 
 
On 30 June 2021, S-Bank announced that SOK Group and S Group’s regional cooperatives are purchasing all of 
LocalTapiola Group’s and Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company’s shares in the Issuer subject to the authorities’ 
approval (the “Share Purchase”). The sellers in the Share Purchase hold 25 per cent of all of the shares in the Issuer. The 
agreement in respect of the Share Purchase also gives a right, subject to the transaction closing and certain other 
conditions, to the Issuer to call subscriptions from certain LocalTapiola Group entities (including qualifying funds 
managed by such entities) for a debenture in the minimum amount of approximately EUR 57.5 million to be issued by 
the Issuer. The Issuer made the call and corresponding changes to the Issuer’s debenture programme during 2021, subject 
to realization of the conditions. To the Issuer’s knowledge, the completion of the Share Purchase did not result in a change 
of control of the Issuer. 
 
On 5 October 2021, the owners of S-Bank – the S Group, the LocalTapiola Group and Elo – concluded the corporate 
transaction, through which SOK Corporation and the regional cooperatives of the S Group acquired the shares held by 
LocalTapiola General, LocalTapiola Life, the LocalTapiola regional companies and the Elo Mutual Pension Insurance 
Company in S-Bank Plc, the parent company of the S-Bank Group. As a result of the transaction, the S Group now owns 
all of S-Bank’s shares. 
 
S-Bank and LocalTapiola Group have ended cooperation on funds. In the second half of 2021, the management of 28 
LocalTapiola funds amounting to approximately EUR 4 billion in assets under management were transferred from S-
Bank Fund Management Ltd which is part of the S-Bank, to Seligson & Co Fund Management Company Plc which is 
owned by LocalTapiola Group. There were no changes in the operations of S-Bank’s own funds. 
 
S-Bank continued to develop its Wealth Management business by merging S-Bank Private Equity Funds Ltd into S-Bank 
Fund Management Ltd. The merger was completed on 30 September 2022. 
 
Description of Operations 
 
General 
 
S-Bank Plc focuses on offering products and services to household customers, while also offering targeted services to 
companies. S-Bank provides services for daily banking, saving and investment, and for the financing of purchases. S-
Bank also offers private banking services and services for institutional investors.  
 
The regional cooperatives of the S Group, i.e., Prisma supermarkets and S Markets, act as S-Bank’s agents, offering its 
banking services at their business locations. S-Bank’s services are primarily offered to the co-op members of the S Group 
and their households, and they receive basic banking services free-of-charge. Altogether, S-Bank has approximately 3.1 
million retail customers, representing the majority of the Finnish population. The aim is to maintain the prices of other 
services at a reasonable level and all services are priced transparently. The cash benefits paid to co-op members, such as 
bonuses earned from shopping and payment-method benefits, are paid into the customers’ accounts in S-Bank.  
 
S-Bank’s earnings model is mainly based on accepting customer deposits, granting loans and engaging in investment 
activities. Net interest income, the bank’s largest source of income, is the difference between interest income received 
and interest expenses paid. Interest income is mainly earned from credits and loans granted to customers. The amount of 
interest expenses depends on the interest paid on deposits and the interest paid on funds obtained from other funding 
sources.

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
S-Bank’s second largest source of income is net fee and commission income, i.e., the difference between fee & 
commission income and fee & commission expenses. Commissions and fees are derived from lending-related services, 
payment transactions, card-related services and asset management, among others. Expenses include returns of 
management fees charged to the funds and service fees paid to service providers on card payments. In the banking 
business, the amount of net fee and commission income is dependent on the degree and extent of the use of banking 
services. In the wealth management business, net fee and commission income is mainly dependent on the amount of assets 
under management and how it is distributed between different products. The amount of these assets is influenced by net 
sales and the general performance of the securities markets and how well the Group’s investment products perform against 
the market. Since the management fees for investment funds are calculated as percentages of the funds’ net asset value, 
market performance is directly reflected in the amount of fees received. 
 
Operating expenses mainly consist of personnel expenses, IT expenses and other administrative expenses, including 
agency fees paid to the cooperative societies. In addition, as customer’s insolvency risks increase, the bank records credit 
loss provisions and, in the event of insolvency, the bank records credit losses. 
 
For business operations to be profitable the bank must manage its balance sheet, risks and expenses effectively. The 
bank’s duty is to ensure sufficient capital adequacy and liquidity under all conditions. The Group’s business is subject to 
a licence, widely regulated and supervised by the authorities. 
 
The operations of S-Bank are regulated by the European Union’s regulations, national legislation and regulations issued 
by the authorities. The Credit Institutions Act, the Limited Liability Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as 
amended). In addition, S-Bank complies with standards of good banking practice as well as legislation and the Group’s 
corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines, and its articles of association. 
 
Business overview 
 
The operating segments of the Group are Banking and Wealth Management.  
 
Banking 
 
Banking is responsible for providing and developing the household and corporate customer banking services of the Group. 
The products and services offered by the business include those for daily banking and financing. Banking also includes 
the Group treasury.  
 
Customer segments  
 
S-Bank’s Banking segment focuses on providing products and services to retail customers, while also providing targeted 
services to corporations. S-Bank provides its products and services to its customers via digital service channels, telephone 
service, and customer service points located in the S Group’s business locations. In retail banking, S-Bank emphasises 
digital services and channels. S-Bank provides modern and user-friendly digital services for its customers to carry out 
daily banking activities. S-Bank provides features to easily manage accounts, payments, cards, funds, and loans anywhere 
and anytime, utilising S-Bank’s online bank and S-mobiili.  
 
Accounts and payments 
 
S-Bank provides banking accounts and payment services for approximately 3.1 million retail customers and for corporate 
customers on a selective basis. S-Bank provides its retail and corporate customers current accounts, savings accounts and 
investment accounts. S-Bank also provides ASP-accounts for its retail customers. The vast majority of S-Bank’s total 
deposits are held at retail customers’ current and savings accounts and they form the core funding source of S-Bank’s 
lending and investing activities. Monthly bonus payments from S Group bonus program are also paid exclusively to S-
Bank’s retail customers’ current accounts.  
 
S-Bank offers user-friendly digital platforms (online bank and S-mobiili) for its customers to execute payment 
transactions by themselves. Customers are also serviced by bank service desks where customers are offered payment and 
cash services. S-Bank’s payment services include e-invoicing, direct payment services and domestic and cross border 
transfers. For corporate customers S-Bank offers corporate accounts with tailored payment services. 
 
Card business

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
S-Bank provides payment card services to retail customers and acts as an issuer of Visa cards as well as an acquiring bank 
of S-Bank’s own Visa transactions. S-Bank has issued more than 2.7 million Visa payment cards. 
 
S-Bank payment cards enable chip & pin and contactless payments in stores, online payments, withdrawal of cash in 
Finland and abroad, and S Group bonus card reward features. S-Bank payment cards also enable withdrawal of cash in S 
Group grocery store counters and service desks. When paying in, among others, S Group’s grocery stores, restaurants and 
hotels, customer-owners gain an extra bonus on their S Group bonus cash backs by paying with S-Etukortti-Visa payment 
cards. S-Bank has integrated micro saving and card purchases. S-Bank offers an application called “Säästäjä” that enables 
customers to set a fixed amount of money that will be automatically transferred from customers’ deposits to their funds 
at each card purchase. 
 
Loans and credit 
 
S-Bank offers a range of loan and credit products and services for varying needs of its retail customers. S-Bank’s main 
focus is on retail customer loans, but it also selectively grants corporate loans. For retail customers S-Bank provides, 
among other, mortgage loans, renovation loans, car loans, secured investment loans, student loans, credit card loans and 
other secured and unsecured consumer loans for different needs of customer lifecycle. With the exception of credit cards, 
unsecured consumer loans and student loans, household portfolio is for the most part secured by residential immovable 
property collateral. The residential properties used as collateral are located in Finland. The geographical distribution is 
in-line with S-Bank’s Credit Risk Strategy. Three quarters of the portfolio is situated in Helsinki metropolitan region and 
other similar vibrant residential areas. Cooperation partners of S-Bank provide retail loan customers with certain 
insurances. In corporate lending, S-Bank is focused on secured housing association loans. The collateral portfolio for 
housing association loans consists mainly of residential properties in Helsinki metropolitan region and other similar 
vibrant residential areas. 
 
Treasury 
 
The Treasury unit is responsible for managing liquidity and interest rate risk and the Treasury acts as the Group’s internal 
bank and internal hedging counterparty for business operations. The Treasury is also responsible for long term funding 
operations and managing the Group’s liquidity and investment portfolio. The Treasury’s strategic goals are set in the 
Group’s risk strategy and risk appetite, then integrated into Treasury’s annual investment plan. 
 
Wealth Management  
 
Wealth Management is responsible for producing the Group’s asset management services, customer relationships and 
business development. The business offers saving and investing services to household customers. S-Bank also offers 
private banking services, as well as services for institutional investors. From September 2021 all clients are served under 
the S-Bank brand. 
 
Customer segments 
 
Key customer segments of Wealth Management are retail customers, Private Banking customers, and institutional 
investors. Additional distribution outside the key segments is done via external distributors in Finland and abroad. 
 
Retail customers include private persons who are served primarily through digital channels complemented with traditional 
sales and customer service activities. Private Banking customers include wealthy individuals and families, including legal 
entities related to the customers’ investing activities. Private Banking operates with an advisor-based omnichannel model 
and is characterised by a high level of customer service and wide service offering. Private Banking customers are served 
through offices in Helsinki, Turku, Tampere and Oulu. Institutional investors include pension funds, non-profit 
organisations, large corporations, and other large professional investors, and are serviced by a specialist team based in 
Helsinki. 
 
Investment products and services 
 
Wealth Management provides a comprehensive range of equity, fixed income, and alternative investment funds and 
products to all customer segments. On 30 September 2022, there were approximately 360,000 unit holders in S-Bank 
funds. Open-ended funds include UCITS and non-UCITS funds in a wide range of equity and fixed income markets. 
Furthermore, open-ended funds include a wide range of real estate funds. S-Bank pays special attention to ESG in all 
investment funds, including passive and real estate funds.

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
The fund offering is complemented with closed-end investment products with a focus on real estate investment. Closed-
end products are targeted to Private Banking customers and institutional investors. Together with open-end and closed-
end products, Wealth Management offers a comprehensive portfolio of real estate related investment solutions to cater 
all key customer segments. 
 
S-Bank’s Säästäjä application is a service that enables customers to manage their funds and money transfers between 
their deposits and funds. Säästäjä includes features that enable micro saving, for example, the customers can define that 
their bonuses and a fixed amount of their deposits at each card purchase are automatically directed into funds.  
 
Discretionary asset management services are offered to Private Banking customers, institutional investors, and selected 
external distributors. Discretionary asset management is a service where the asset manager makes investment decisions 
based on investment strategy agreed with the customer. Wealth planning services are offered to high-net-worth Private 
Banking customers to complement discretionary asset management services with tax, real estate, and legal related 
planning.  
 
According to the management’s view, S-Bank is a market leader of social impact funds in Finland. In a social impact 
funds, there are several parties involved. S-Bank acts as the administrator, the external commissioner defines payable 
outcomes and pays for achieved outcomes and investors fund services that promote well-being and assume the risks 
associated with the provision of these services. Repayment to investors is contingent upon specified outcomes being 
achieved. Social impact bonds are mainly offered to institutional investors. 
 
Structured products are savings or investment products where the return is linked to an underlying asset with pre-defined 
features. Structured products are mainly offered to Private Banking customers. 
 
Investment-linked insurance products are provided to Private Banking customers in partnership with several life insurance 
companies. 
 
S-Bank Properties Ltd provides property portfolio management, property development and administration of real estate 
joint ventures to institutional customers. These services are not regulated by the FIN-FSA. 
 
Organisational Structure 
 
The following group chart presents the Group’s structure at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
The Issuer’s consolidated result is dependent on the results of each member of the Group. The result of the Issuer is not 
dependent upon any other entity within the S Group. 
 
S-Bank Fund Management Ltd – known as FIM Asset Management Ltd until 30 September 2021 – manages the investment 
funds of S-Bank and provides portfolio management services for the entire Group. The Issuer owns 100 per cent of S-

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
Bank Fund Management Ltd’s share capital. In the financial year 2021, the operating profit of S-Bank Fund Management 
Ltd amounted to EUR 7.1 million (2020: 4.6 million). S-Bank Private Equity Funds Ltd merged into S-Bank Fund 
Management Ltd on 30 September 2022. 
 
S-Asiakaspalvelu Oy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. It provides data processing and other services related to 
a credit institution’s core operations, in its capacity as a service company as provided for by the Credit Institutions Act. 
During the financial year 2021, S-Asiakaspalvelu Oy’s revenue totalled EUR 6.0 million (2020: 5.9 million), of which 
intra-group revenue accounted for EUR 4.4 million (2020: 4.2 million). The remaining revenue derived from telephone 
services offered to the cooperatives for the benefit of members of the co-operative. Its expenses mostly consist of 
personnel expenses. In the financial year 2021, S-Asiakaspalvelu Oy’s operating profit was EUR 0.0 million (2020: 0.2 
million). 
 
S-Bank Impact Investing Ltd (formerly Epiqus Oy) was acquired in January 2019 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of S-
Bank Fund Management Ltd. The company offers impact investment services and manages two impact investment funds 
and is their general partner. S-Bank Impact Investing Ltd’s operating profit for the financial year 2021 was EUR 0.0 
million. 
 
S-Bank Properties Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of S-Bank Fund Management Ltd. It specialises in property portfolio 
management, property development and administration of joint ventures in the field real estate. 
 
There are six companies that serve as general partners in funds managed by S-Bank Fund Management Ltd. These 
companies have no other business activities and are wholly owned subsidiaries of S-Bank Fund Management Ltd. The 
six companies who serving as general partners are FIM Real Estate Ltd, FIM Infrastructure Fund GP Oy, FIM 
Infrastructure Mezzanine Debt Fund III GP Oy, FIM Private Debt Fund I GP Oy, FIM SIB Oy and S-Pankki Vaikuttavuus 
I GP Oy. 
 
Growth Strategy 
 
Position and sources of growth 
 
According to the management’s view, the Group has a unique position in the Finnish market with clearly differentiated 
customer benefits to members of the co-operative consisting of, among others, selected daily banking services free-of-
charge, access to S Group rewards, easy-to-use mobile app shared with S Group retailers (for example store locations and 
discount coupons), a unique distribution model with a local presence across Finland, and a leading brand in fairness and 
sustainability. The Group has been successful in attracting more business from its customers and increasing its market 
share in the past years, for example, in mortgage lending.  
 
The Group’s growth in the retail segment is driven by the increasing use of daily services, as well as the sale of additional 
banking and wealth management products and services to the Group’s existing base of 3,2 million retail customers. This 
is enabled by efficient, data-driven sales and marketing, coupled with frequent access to retail customers via various 
physical and digital touchpoints within the S Group. 
 
Additional business growth and diversification are sought by expanding the Group’s Wealth Management business in 
Private Banking and institutional segments, with emphasis on ESG and real estate investment services. Non-core 
businesses (for example, SME banking and capital markets services) have been divested or discontinued in order to focus 
on developing the core offering. The Group’s organisation has remained moderately sized and easy to manage. 
 
The Group has accelerated its growth and strengthened its offering through mergers and acquisitions. 
 
Path forward 
 
The Group aims to maintain and strengthen its competitive advantages in order to sustain clearly above-market growth 
rates, utilising the potential of its large customer base. This will require continuously adapting to changing customer 
expectations and competitive pressures across the business. In particular, the Group will continue developing its customer 
service model, including both digital services and physical distribution, increasing sustainability and ESG related 
activities, and ensuring a favourable price position in the retail offering. The management expects continuous growth, 
together with investments in system and process capacity and efficiency, to enable material scale benefits and profitability 
increase in the future. The Group also sees further potential in market consolidation and is open to new M&A 
opportunities in Finland.

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
So far, 2022 has followed the previous years in the exceptional level of uncertainty across geographies and industries, 
including the banking and wealth management sectors in Finland. The Group has adapted its operations accordingly, and 
practices such as scenario-based planning, agile development and short-term crisis management are used to respond 
quickly to any unpredictable changes in the environment or internal performance. The Group’s competitive advantages 
are robust, providing a basis for sustained market share growth in a wide range of external conditions, and the Group is 
well positioned to take advantage of any positive developments in the market.  
 
Additional Information on S Group 
 
S Group is a customer-owned Finnish network of companies in the retail and service sectors, with more than 1,800 outlets 
in Finland. In 2021, S Group had 39,900 active employees, total sales in the amount of EUR 12.3 billion and non-
consolidated result before abbreviations and taxes (EBT) in the amount of EUR 302 million. In 2021, S Group had 46.1 
per cent market share in the Finnish grocery trade making it the clear market leader, followed by K Group with its 36.6 
per cent market share and Lidl Suomi with its 9.6 per cent market share2. S Group consists of cooperatives and Suomen 
Osuuskauppojen Keskuskunta (“SOK”) with its subsidiaries, which engage in the travel and hospitality business in 
Finland and Estonia, among other operations. S Group’s offering focuses on grocery trade, department store and speciality 
store trade, service station store and fuel sales, travel and hospitality business and hardware trade. Some of the 
cooperatives have car dealerships and agricultural outlets in their regions. Until 29 June 2022, S Group was engaged in 
business in Russia. Following the war in Ukraine, S Group announced on 4 March 2022 that it will withdraw from Russia 
and will divest all of its business operations in Russia, which consisted of 16 Prisma supermarkets and three Sokos hotels 
in the St. Petersburg region. Before the announcement, S Group had approximately 1,000 employees in Russia. All the 
Prisma supermarkets in Russia were closed by 31 March 2022. Later in June 2022 S Group announced the sale of its 
supermarket business and hotel business in Russia. The sale of the supermarket business in Russia was completed on 27 
June 2022 and the sale of the hotel business was completed on 29 June 2022. 
 
S Group consists of 19 independent regional cooperatives and SOK, which is owned by the cooperatives. Their owners 
are also their customers, or members of the co-operative. In addition, S Group includes six local cooperatives. S Group’s 
network extends throughout Finland, with a strong regional focus. Cooperatives are enterprises operating in accordance 
with the principles of cooperative activities. 
 
SOK, which is owned by the cooperatives, serves as the central company for the cooperatives and provides them with 
procurement, expert and support services. SOK is also responsible for the strategic guidance of S Group and the 
development of the various chains. SOK’s business operations supplement S Group’s offering in Finland and the 
neighbouring regions. 
 
Management of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer’s highest decision-making authority rests with the annual general meeting (the “General Meeting”). The 
operational decision-making authority is exercised by the board of directors (the “Board of Directors”) which is formed 
by election in the General Meeting. 
 
The activities of the Issuer comply with the provisions of current legislation, including but not limited to the Finnish 
Limited Liability Companies Act. In addition, the Issuer complies with orders issued by the authorities, good banking 
practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, as well as the Group’s corporate 
governance policies and other internal guidelines, and its articles of association. The Issuer also complies with the rules, 
including the insider guidelines, issued by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the appropriate and reliable organisation of the governance and operations of 
the Issuer. The Board of Directors has general competence to decide on all matters related to the Issuer’s management 
and other issues, which, according to legislation or to the Issuer’s articles of association, are not the domain of the General 
Meeting, or the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Board of Directors decides on the Issuer’s strategy and main business 
objectives and also confirms the management structure and policies. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chair, Deputy Chair and members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are: 
 
 
 
2 Source: Päivittäistavaramarkkinat | Päivittäistavarakauppa ry (pty.fi)

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
Name 
Position 
Elected to the Board of Directors 
Jari Annala 
Chair 
2007 
Jorma Vehviläinen 
Deputy Chair 
2020 
Veli-Matti Liimatainen 
Member 
2018 
Heli Arantola 
Member 
2014 
Olli Vormisto 
Member 
2017 
Hillevi Mannonen 
Member 
2021 
 
Jari Annala (born 1964) has been a Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2007. Mr. Annala has been a Chair of 
the Issuer’s Risk and Audit Committee since 2014 and a Deputy Chair of the Issuer’s Remuneration and Nomination 
Committee since 2022. Mr. Annala has served as a CEO at Sokotel Oy since 2021. He also serves as a Chair of the Board 
of Directors at Sokotel Oy, SOK Retail Int. Oy and SOK Real Estate Int. Oy, and as a member of the Board of Directors 
at Suomen Luotto-Osuuskunta. In addition, Mr. Annala acts as a member of the supervisory board of AS Prisma 
Peremarket and AS Sokotel. Mr. Annala has served as a Business Area Director at SOK since 2019. Between 2007–2018 
he served as a CFO and a member of the management group at SOK. He has previously held several positions in the 
finance department of SOK. Mr. Annala is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
 
Jorma Vehviläinen (born 1967) has been a Deputy Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2022 and a member of 
the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020. Mr. Vehviläinen has been a Deputy Chair of Risk and Audit Committee since 
2020. Mr. Vehviläinen has served as a CFO at SOK since 2019. Mr. Vehviläinen serves also as a Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Gigawatti Oy, S-Voima Oy, Reila Palvelut Oy, S-Business Oy, S-ryhmän logistiikkakeskukset Oy. In 
addition, he acts as a member of the supervisory board of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Mr. Vehviläinen 
acts as a member of the Board of Directors at SOK Real Estate Int. Oy and North European Oil Trade Oy. Previously, 
Mr. Vehviläinen has served as a Director at SOK and CEO at SOK Liiketoiminta Oy in 2014–2018, Osuuskauppa 
Maakunta in 2011–2013, Inex Partners and Intrade Partners Oy in 2007-2011. In 2005–2007, Mr. Vehviläinen acted as a 
CFO at Inex Partners Oy. Previously, Mr. Vehviläinen served at SOK as a Finance Manager in 1997–2005 and a Cash 
Manager in 1993–1997. Mr. Vehviläinen is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics.  
 
Veli-Matti Liimatainen (born 1969) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2018 and a Chair of the 
Issuer’s Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 2022. Mr. Liimatainen has served as a CEO at Helsingin 
Osuuskauppa Elanto since 2018 and a Deputy CEO in 2012–2017. Mr. Liimatainen also serves as a Chair of the Board 
of Directors at Helsingin Osuuskauppa Elanto and Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors at HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta 
Oy. He also serves as a member of the supervisory board at LähiTapiola Pääkaupunkiseutu Keskinäinen Vakuutusyhtiö 
and Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company. He is member of delegation in Keskuskauppakamari ry and Helsingin 
Seudun kauppakamari - Helsingforsregionens handelskammare ry. Mr. Liimatainen acts as a member of the Board of 
Directors at Suomen Osuuskauppojen Keskuskunta, S-ryhmän Logistiikkakiinteistöt Oy, S-Business Oy, S-Voima Oy 
and Gigawatti Oy. In 2005–2011, he has acted as a Business Area Manager at HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta Oy. Previously, 
Mr. Liimatainen served as a Chain Director at HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta Oy and HOK Liiketoiminta Oy in 1997–2005. 
Mr. Liimatainen is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
 
Heli Arantola (born 1969) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2014 and a member of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 2014. Ms. Arantola has served as the Managing Director of A-lehdet Oy 
since 2022 and serves as a member of the Board of Directors at Tobii AB and Midsona AB. Previously, Ms. Arantola has 
served as the Managing Director of Leipurin Plc in 2020–2022, a Director and a member of management group in HKScan 
Corporation in 2017–2019, CEO at Fazer Mills and SVP at Strategy and renewal at Fazer Group In 2012–2016. She has 
also acted as a Director of Marketing and Brands at Fazer Group in 2010–2012 and Partner and Consultant at Vectia Oy 
in 2000–2010. Additionally, Ms. Arantola has performed development and marketing related duties at Sonera Oyj in 
1990–1999. Ms. Arantola is a Finnish citizen and holds a Doctor of Science in Economic Sciences. 
 
Olli Vormisto (born 1967) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2017 and a member of Risk and 
Audit Committee since 2022. He also serves as a Chair of the Board of Directors at Osuuskauppa Hämeenmaa and 
Hämeen kauppakamari ry and Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors at SOK and Lahti Region. Mr. Vormisto also acts 
as a member of the Board of Directors at Lahden Teollisuusseura ry. Mr. Vormisto has served as a CEO at Osuuskauppa 
Hämeenmaa since 2014. Previously, Mr. Vormisto served as a CEO at Etelä-Karjalan osuuskauppa in 2012–2014. He 
acted as a Business Area Manager in 2003–2012 and CFO in 2001–2003 at Osuuskauppa Hämeenmaa. Mr. Vormisto 
acted as an Administration Manager in 2000–2001 and Controller in 1999–2000 at SOK. Previously he worked at Oy 
Sokos Ab as Finance Manager in 1999 and Operational Calculations’ Chief in 1998–1999. Mr. Vormisto is a Finnish 
citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics.

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
Hillevi Mannonen (born 1958) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and a member of Risk and Audit 
Committee since November 2021. She also serves as a member of the Board of Directors at Helen Ltd as well as the 
Chair of its Audit Committee. Ms. Mannonen has served in several roles as a Chief Actuary and a Chief Risk Officer at 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company (1997–2019). Before that she has served at the Insurance Department of 
the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health (1991–1997) and at the Finnish Centre for Pension (1981–1991). Ms. Mannonen 
is a Finnish citizen, holds a Master of Science in Mathematics and is a certified actuary. 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Issuer is Fleminginkatu 34, FI-
00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is assisted in its work by the Risk and Audit Committee and the Remuneration & 
Nomination Committee, neither of which have independent decision-making power. Both committees are composed of 
members of the Board of Directors. 
 
Risk and Audit Committee of the Issuer  
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has appointed a Risk and Audit Committee among the Board of Directors. The Risk 
and Audit Committee reports regularly on its work to the Board of Directors. 
 
The Risk and Audit Committee’s duty is to supervise the financial reporting executed by the management, and to monitor 
the financial statement and interim reporting process. 
 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has appointed a Remuneration and Nomination Committee among the Board of 
Directors. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee reports regularly on its work to the Board of Directors. 
 
CEO of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors appoints the CEO of the Issuer. The duty of the CEO is to administer the Issuer’s day-to-day 
administration in accordance with the rules and regulations set by the Board of Directors.  
 
The acting CEO as of 31 May 2022 is Interim CEO Hanna Porkka. In October 2022, the Board of Directors appointed 
Riikka Laine-Tolonen as the new CEO as of April 2023. Riikka Laine-Tolonen (1966) is a Finnish citizen and holds a 
Master of Science in Economics. Ms. Laine-Tolonen has previously worked as Head of Personal Customers at Danske 
Bank A/S Finland branch and in diverse executive positions at Nordea Bank Oyj. 
 
The business address of the acting CEO is Fleminginkatu 34, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
 
Management Group of the Issuer 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Management Group of S-Bank are the following: 
 
Name 
Position 
Appointed 
Erkka Viljakainen 
SVP, Group Services 
2016 
Hanna Porkka 
Interim CEO, EVP, Wealth Management 
2018 
Iikka Kuosa 
SVP, Products & IT 
2019 
Merja Reinilä 
SVP, Human Resources 
2014 
Jussi Sokka 
SVP, Legal & Governance 
2014 
Mika Heikkilä 
CFO, Group Finance, Treasury & Corporate customers 
2017 
Petri Viertiö 
CRO, Risk & Compliance 
2019 
Markus Lahtinen 
SVP, Sales 
2021 
 
Erkka Viljakainen (born 1969) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2014. He has served as 
Director of Digital Services, Marketing and Communications of the Issuer since 2016. Mr. Viljakainen is a Finnish citizen 
and holds a Bachelor of Sciences in Business Administration, Marketing. 
 
Hanna Porkka (born 1970) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2018. She has served as the 
Interim CEO of the Issuer since 2 February 2021 and as EVP of Wealth Management of the Issuer since 2018. Ms. Porkka 
is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics and a CEFA.

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
Iikka Kuosa (born 1976) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2011. He has served as Director 
of Strategy, Development and IT of the Issuer since 2019. Mr. Kuosa is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science 
in Economics. 
 
Merja Reinilä (born 1977) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2016. She has served as 
Director of Human Resources of the Issuer since 2014. Ms. Reinilä is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in 
Economics. 
 
Jussi Sokka (born 1972) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2014. He has served as Director 
of Legal of the Issuer since 2014. Mr. Sokka is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Laws. 
 
Mika Heikkilä (born 1961) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2017. He has served as the 
Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer since 2017. Mr. Heikkilä is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in 
Economics. 
 
Petri Viertiö (born 1962) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2019. He has served as Director 
of Compliance and Risk Management of the Issuer since 2019. Mr. Viertiö is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of 
Science in Technology. 
 
Markus Lahtinen (born 1976) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2021. He has served as 
SVP of Sales of the Issuer since 2021. Mr. Lahtinen is a Finnish citizen and holds a Bachelor of Engineering. 
 
Conflicts of Interests 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, the CEO and the 
Interim CEO to S-Bank and their other duties and private interests. 
 
Auditors  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference have been audited by Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy 
Ab, with Marcus Tötterman, Authorised Public Accountant, as the auditor with principal responsibility in 2020, and Petri 
Kettunen, Authorised Public Accountant, as the auditor with principal responsibility in 2021. The business address of the 
Issuer’s auditor is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, 00100 Helsinki. Marcus Tötterman and Petri Kettunen are registered in the 
auditor register in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 of the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
 
Material Contracts 
 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in S-Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to 
Noteholders. 
 
Legal Proceedings 
 
As a regulated entity, the Issuer is subject to continuous supervision by the FIN-FSA and other authorities and this 
includes correspondence with the authorities on various subjects. As described in “Risk factors – E. Risks associated with 
legal and regulatory environment - Risks associated with abuse of the financial system”, in December 2019, the FIN-FSA 
imposed a penalty payment on the Issuer and issued a public warning to FIM Asset Management Ltd for omissions in 
customer due diligence.  
 
On 13 September 2021, the FIN-FSA imposed a penalty payment of EUR 1.65 million on the Issuer for omissions in the 
processes of detection of suspicious transactions under Article 16(2) of MAR and reporting the same to the FIN-FSA in 
relation to the Issuer’s past brokerage business between July 2016 and November 2018. The referred brokerage business 
was under a closing up procedure prior to initiation of the FIN-FSA’s related inquiry in September 2018, has since been 
closed up, and the Issuer does not conduct brokerage business on the date of the Base Prospectus.  
 
On 10 November 2021 the FIN-FSA sent a letter to the Issuer in relation to certain customer groups of the Issuer claiming 
that the Issuer should justify the treatment of the customers as independent not connected clients under Article 4(1)(39) 
of the CRR and related EBA Guidelines (EBA/GL/2017/15), failing which, the FIN-FSA would order that the customers 
are treated as connected clients. On 6 July 2022, the FIN-FSA made a decision regarding the Issuer concerning the

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
formation of certain client groups. According to the FIN-FSA, the Issuer has not fully complied with the regulations on 
establishing interconnectedness based on economic dependency. The FIN-FSA required the Issuer to form certain groups 
of connected clients in accordance with applicable legislation by 31 October 2022. The Issuer has taken actions to comply 
with the requirements within the time limit set by the FIN-FSA. 
 
On 18 March 2022 the Issuer received a supervisory letter from the FIN-FSA. In the letter, the FIN-FSA suspected that 
the Issuer has neglected its obligation under Article 9(1) of the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012 (the “EMIR”) to verify that all derivative contracts the Issuer has entered into have been reported to a trade 
repository. On 25 August 2022 the FIN-FSA imposed an administrative fine of EUR 60,000 on the Issuer. According to 
the FIN-FSA, the Issuer did not verify the performance of its reporting related to its derivatives contracts with adequate 
care. The inadequacies in reporting did not affect the Issuer or its customers, and the decision taken by FIN-FSA does not 
require any action on the part of the customers. 
 
During the period from 20 April to 5 August 2022 a rare system malfunction affected authentication with online banking 
IDs. This problem was exploited by a very small group of individuals logging into the online bank as another customer, 
making unauthorised payments and logging into third-party online services. A few hundred customers were affected, and 
the malfunction was corrected as soon as it was detected. S-Bank has requested the police to investigate the incident. 
 
The Issuer considers that there are no other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
 
No Significant Changes 
 
The most recent audited annual report of the Group concerns the financial year that ended on 31 December 2021. Since 
that date the financial performance of the Issuer has not changed significantly and there has not been any material adverse 
change regarding the prospects of the Issuer, other than as explained below under “Recent Events”. 
 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group, other than as 
explained below under “Recent Events”. Further, other than as described in S-Bank’s unaudited consolidated interim 
report as at and for the nine-months period ended on 30 September 2022 and in section “Recent Events”, no significant 
changes have occurred in the outlook or financial position of the Group. 
 
Recent Events 
 
On 8 July 2022, the Issuer announced its decision to issue an increase of EUR 50 million (tap issue) in the original amount 
of its EUR 170 million senior preferred MREL eligible bond issued on 4 October 2021 and maturing on 4 April 2025. 
The tap issue was combined with the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 1/2021 and after the tap issue the capital of 
the bond is EUR 220 million. 
 
On 30 June 2022, On 30 June 2022, the FIN-FSA authorised S-Bank to engage in mortgage banking activities in 
accordance with the new Covered Bonds Act. S-Bank had also been authorised to carry out mortgage banking activities 
under the previous legislation. 
 
Russia’s attack against Ukraine on 24 February 2022 affects the general economic and financial situation, the banking 
sector in its entirety and the Group and its customers. The sanctions imposed on Russia following the attack have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s services. Money transfers to and from sanctioned Russian banks may be prevented entirely, 
and there may be disturbances in day-to-day banking services offered in Finland. Due to the sanctions and payment 
restrictions, S-Bank has interrupted payment transmissions with Russian and Belarusian banks for the time being.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is not aware of any other factors which would significantly influence the financial 
position of the Group after the latest financial year that ended on 31 December 2021. 
 
S-Bank continued to develop its Wealth Management business by merging S-Bank Private Equity Funds Ltd into S-Bank 
Fund Management Ltd. The merger was completed on 30 September 2022. 
 
On 14 December 2022, S-Bank announced that the Board of Directors has approved a new dividend policy and that the 
Board of Directors shall propose to the General Meeting that a dividend be paid on the basis of the approved balance 
sheet for the year 2022.

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
The Interests of the Arranger, Lead Manager(s) and Possible Other Subscription Places 
 
Customary business interests in the financial market. 
 
Total Expenses 
 
The total expenses of the Programme depend among other things on the number of final issuances under the Programme. 
The total expenses of the Programme as at the date of this Base Prospectus are approximately EUR 50,000. 
 
Credit Rating of the Issuer and the Notes 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term issuer credit ratings ‘BBB/A-2’ by S&P. The 
outlook is stable. 
 
Under the S&P’s rating definitions for long-term issuer credit ratings, an obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. Respectively, for a short-term issuer credit 
rating, an obligor rated 'A-2' has adequate capacity to meet its financial obligations. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitments. 
 
S&P, a division of S&P Global, is established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation, and is, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the applicable rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within five 
working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA 
Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has issued Tier 2 debenture instruments outside of the Programme for EUR 
108.33 million and these instruments rank higher in relation to the AT1 Notes in accordance with the CRR and Chapter 
1, Section 4a of the Credit Institutions Act. 
 
Capital Adequacy 
 
The Issuer and other Member Credit Institutions are subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions 
Act and Parts 2-4 of the CRR concerning the requirements to be set for credit institutions’ own funds. 
 
Pursuant to the CRR, credit institutions must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent, a Tier 1 
capital ratio of 6 per cent and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent (each ratio expressed as a percentage of the total risk 
exposure amount). Furthermore, pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act, an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
per cent has been applicable from 1 January 2015 to all credit institutions. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a 
countercyclical buffer of zero to 2.5 per cent based on macroprudential analysis. As from 1 January 2018, the FIN-FSA 
has been authorised to set a systemic risk buffer of 1 to 5 per cent and a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent has been 
imposed on the Issuer. 
 
However, due to the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic, the FIN-FSA made a decision on 6 April 2020 to remove the 
systemic risk buffer from certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, in order to support credit institutions’ ability to 
provide credit and ease the funding conditions for households and businesses during the pandemic.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
Management and reporting of liquidity risk are based on S-Bank’s capital and liquidity management framework. The said 
framework includes periodical assessment of the existing and future mandatory requirements relating to the LCR and the 
NSFR. Both requirements have been introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The LCR ratio is used 
to monitor the Group’s liquid assets and manage medium-term liquidity risk. The NSFR, a longer-term liquidity indicator, 
is used to measure the structural liquidity risk in the banking business and on the balance sheet. The Group’s minimum 
requirement of the LCR is at the date of this Base Prospectus 100 per cent and the minimum requirement of the NSFR is 
100 per cent starting from 28 June 2021. At the end of the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022, the Group’s 
LCR ratio was 161 per cent compared to 150 per cent on 31 December 2021. The LCR liquidity buffer was EUR 1.67 
billion on 30 September 2022 compared to EUR 1.65 billion on 31 December 2021 and the net outflows during the nine-
month period ended on 30 September 2022 were EUR 1.04 billion compared to EUR 1.10 billion on 31 December 2021. 
The NSFR ratio was 154 per cent at the end of the nine-month period ended on 30 September 2022 compared to 151 per 
cent on 31 December 2021. 
 
Accounting Policies 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved in 
the EU and the related interpretations (IFRIC). The applicable Finnish accounting and corporate legislation and regulatory 
requirements have also been taken into account when preparing the notes to the financial statements.

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital is EUR 82,880,200 and the total number of shares issued is 
6,680,180. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not own any of the Issuer’s own shares. 
 
S Group’s ownership of the Issuer’s shares is divided between SOK Corporation and the regional cooperatives of the S 
Group. As far it is known to it, the Issuer is not controlled by any single party and the Issuer is not aware of any 
arrangements that may result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
 
The following table sets forth the ten largest shareholders of the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Name 
Number of 
Shares 
% of Shares 
% of Votes 
SOK Corporation 
3,340,080 
49.99 
49.99 
Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto 
668,618 
10.01 
10.01 
Cooperative Society Hämeenmaa, Lahti 
337,518 
5.05 
5.05 
Pirkanmaa Cooperative Society, Tampere 
240,144 
3.59 
3.59 
Cooperative Society Arina, Oulu 
235,879 
3.53 
3.53 
Cooperative Society Keskimaa, Jyväskylä 
222,209 
3.33 
3.33 
Cooperative Society KPO 
190,322 
2.85 
2.85 
Kymi Region Cooperative Society 
173,102 
2.59 
2.59 
Southern Ostrobothnia Cooperative Society 
160,428 
2.40 
2.40 
Suur-Seutu Cooperative (SSO) 
150,464 
2.25 
2.25 
Total  
5,718,764 
85.59 
85.59

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement;  
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and  
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Restriction on marketing and sales to retail investors 
 
The AT1 Notes discussed in this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate 
investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or 
guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the AT1 Notes to retail investors.  
For example, MiFID II sets out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacturing and distribution of financial 
instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment products and 
certain contingent write-down or convertible securities. Potential investors should inform themselves of, and comply 
with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the AT1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein). 
Secondary Market of Notes 
If the Final Terms indicate that a Series of Notes will be listed, the application for stock listing shall be delivered to the 
Helsinki Stock Exchange provided that the subscribed amount of the Notes in such Series of Notes is EUR 200,000 at 
minimum. Additional issues of a listed Series of Notes shall be notified as amendments to the amount of the previously 
issued listed Notes. 
Effective Yield of the Notes 
The effective interest yield percentage of the Notes shall be notified in the Final Terms. The effective yield of the Notes 
depends on the current issue rate and the interest paid on the Notes, increasing when the issue rate is decreased and 
decreasing when the issue rate is increased. The effective yield has been calculated by using the current value method, 
widely in use in the securities market. 
The completion of transactions relating to the Notes is dependent on Euroclear Finland Oy’s operations and 
systems 
Notes issued and incorporated into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy (“Euroclear Finland”) are in non-
certificated form. The Noteholders are dependent on procedures of Euroclear Finland, or as applicable, on procedures of

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
Clearstream or another clearing house taking responsibility for the settlement of the Notes, regarding transfers, payments 
and information sharing with the Issuer. 
The evidence of the Notes issued under the programme are only account statements provided by Euroclear Finland or its 
account manager, and no promissory Notes or other documents evidencing ownership are given. Therefore, the ownership 
of the Notes and any changes in the same appear only in the registers of the book-entry system held by Euroclear Finland 
or its account managers.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
if the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), not a 
qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes. 
 
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, South 
Africa and Certain Other Jurisdictions 
 
No offering will be made to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, South 
Africa, Singapore or in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are subject of offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor in the 
UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
Notice regarding forward-looking statements 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Information on S-Bank” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has 
based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary 
from those expected, estimated or predicted.  
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.  
 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any dealer 
purchasing any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Lead 
Manager subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. The Arranger is acting exclusively for the Issuer as the arranger of the Programme and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients nor giving 
investment or other advice in relation to the Programme or the Notes. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
TAXATION IN FINLAND 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, and prospective subscribers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes under the individual circumstances and laws applicable to 
each subscriber. This summary is based upon the law and/or established tax practice as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take place also retroactively. 
The Issuer shall withhold the Finnish taxes imposed on the interest paid, to the extent required by the relevant tax laws, 
practices and tax authorities’ regulations and instructions in force from time to time. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraph, a tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of 
Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has to be withheld from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland 
for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased persons. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of 
interest paid. 
The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a prospectus does not have to be prepared 
with respect to the notes due to (1) the notes being offered for a consideration of in the minimum EUR 100,000 per 
investor and for each separate offer or in the denomination of in the minimum of EUR 100,000 per book-entry unit; (2) 
the offer being addressed solely to qualified investors (as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as 
amended)); or (3) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the European Economic Area to a maximum 
number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act. When 
the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, a tax withholding at the current rate of 30 per cent is 
operated from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased 
persons in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding (1118/1996, as amended). Interests are subject to final taxation 
as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended). The tax rate applicable to taxable 
capital income of up to EUR 30,000 is 30 per cent and for the amount exceeding this threshold, 34 per cent.  
Possible capital gains received from disposal of the Notes are subject to final taxation as capital income in accordance 
with the Income Tax Act. Capital gains are exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices of all assets disposed 
by a taxpayer does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of ordinary 
household effects or other corresponding assets utilised for the personal use). The possible capital loss is deductible from 
other capital income the year during which the sale took place and during five subsequent tax years. Capital losses are 
however not tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of 
ordinary household effects or other corresponding assets utilised for the personal use) does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a 
tax year. 
Taxable capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds and the aggregate of the actual 
acquisition cost and the sales related expenses. When calculating capital gains, Finnish resident individuals and estates 
may choose to apply the so-called presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost. The presumptive 
acquisition cost is 20 per cent of the sales proceeds, or 40 per cent if the Notes have been held by the Finnish resident 
individual or estate for a period of at least ten years. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied, sales related expenses 
are not deductible.  
Should Notes be sold prior to maturity, any accrued and unpaid interest (secondary market compensation, in Finnish: 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) is taxable as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act. The Issuer or paying agent 
shall withhold the tax from the secondary market compensation received in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding 
as described above concerning interests. 
When purchasing notes in the secondary market, the secondary market compensation paid is a deductible item in capital 
income taxation and, if the deductions exceed the amount of capital income, in earned income taxation to the limited 
extent allowed in the Income Tax Act. 
The Issuer or paying agent reports the secondary market compensation paid to the Finnish tax authorities. Inter alia, credit 
institutions, investment service companies and account holders generally report to the Finnish tax authorities also the 
information regarding the sale and other transfers of notes. Information on secondary market compensation received by 
an investor and information on possible capital gains or losses stated on the investor’s pre-completed tax return must be 
verified and, when necessary, corrected.

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
Finnish Resident Corporate Bodies 
Interest is generally taxable income to corporate bodies and subject to final taxation as corporate income in accordance 
with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) or the Income Tax Act. The current rate of corporate income 
tax is 20 per cent.  
Capital gains and possible secondary market compensation are also subject to final taxation as corporate income in 
accordance with the Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act, at the corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. 
The deductibility of capital losses derived from the disposal of the Notes depends on whether they are taxed under the 
Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act. Generally, limited liability companies are taxed in accordance with the 
Business Income Tax Act. Capital losses taxable under the Business Income Tax Act are generally deductible from a 
corporate body’s income taxable under the Business Income Tax Act in the same tax year and the ten subsequent tax 
years, whereas capital losses taxable under the Income Tax Act are only deductible from capital gains taxable under the 
Income Tax Act on the tax year of the sale and during five subsequent tax years.  
Non-residents 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage 
in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not taxable in Finland, 
and may be made without tax withholding, provided that the recipient provides the Issuer with clarification on the 
recipient’s limited tax liability status.  
Transfer Tax 
Generally, a transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers of securities. However, the Notes should not be 
classified as securities within the meaning of Finnish Transfer Tax Act (931/1996, as amended) (the Finnish Transfer Tax 
Act) and thus, transfer tax should not be payable, provided that the yield of Notes is not determined by the profit of the 
Issuer or by the amount of dividend or is not otherwise deemed to entitle to the share of annual profit or surplus of the 
Issuer.  
No transfer tax is generally payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility.

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. They are available at the Issuer’s 
website at s-pankki.fi/investors and upon request from the Issuer. 
 
Document 
Referred information 
 
 
Interim Report 1 January – 30 September 
2022 
Unaudited Interim Report 1 January – 30 September 2022. 
 
 
 
Annual Report 2021 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and parent 
company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 December 2021 on 
pages 37 – 159. 
 
Annual Report 2021 
Auditor’s Report, on pages 160–163.  
 
 
Capital and Risk Management Report 2021 
Unaudited Capital and Risk Management Report 2021, based on the 
audited figures of the Annual Report 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital and Risk Management Report 2020 
Unaudited Capital and Risk Management Report 2020, based on the 
audited figures of the Annual Report 2020. 
 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and parent 
company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 December 2020 on 
pages 34 – 154. 
 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Auditor’s Report on pages 155–158.

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE  
In addition to the documents incorporated by reference, this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA decision of approval of the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Articles of Association and Extract from the Finnish Trade Register concerning the Issuer 
are available for viewing at the head office of the Issuer, address Fleminginkatu 34, 00510 Helsinki, Finland during the 
period of validity of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
The following glossary contains certain defined key terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, which are not defined in 
the General Terms and Conditions. 
Commercial Real Estate Loan 
A loan secured by (i) mortgageable property for 
commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, 
Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code 
(maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a 
housing company or a real estate company entitling the 
holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; 
or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned 
collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area.  
Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Insurance Compensation, Public-
Sector 
Loans, 
Substitute 
Collateral, 
Derivative 
Transactions and funds covering the liquidity requirement 
entered into the Register as statutory security for the 
Covered Bonds under the CBA. 
CBA 
The 
Finnish 
Covered 
Bond 
Act 
(laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista 
ja 
katetuista 
joukkolainoista 
151/2022) 
Housing Loan 
A loan secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily 
residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or 
Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company 
referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as 
amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and 
rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the 
aforementioned collateral, situated in another State 
belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Public-Sector Loan 
A loan which has been granted to the Republic of Finland, 
a Finnish municipality or other public-sector entity which 
may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish 
State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully 
collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector 
entity or a claim on such entity. 
Register 
The register of Covered Bonds and the collateral which 
forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered 
Bonds, including the Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, which the Issuer is required to 
maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the CBA.  
Substitute Collateral 
(a) 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central 
government, a municipality or another public-sector 
entity or a credit institution (other than one

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
belonging to the same consolidated group as the 
Issuer); 
(b) 
guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a 
credit institution referred to in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
credit insurance given by an insurance company 
other than one belonging to the same group, as 
defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of 
Finance and Insurance Groups (laki rahoitus- ja 
vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as 
amended), as the Issuer; or 
(d) 
assets of the Issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland 
or a deposit bank; if the Issuer is a deposit bank the 
deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging to 
the same consolidated group as the Issuer.

--- Page 95 ---
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
S-Bank Plc 
Fleminginkatu 34 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGER 
Danske Bank A/S  
c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch  
Debt Capital Markets  
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613  
FI-00130 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
To the Issuer 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 14 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland