--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
21 December 2020 
 
S-BANK PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
 
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and Covered Bonds 
Under this EUR 1,500,000,000 note issuance programme (the “Programme”), S-Bank Plc (hereinafter the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue senior 
preferred MREL eligible notes (“Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”) and covered bonds under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank 
Activity (laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the “MCBA”) (“Covered Bonds”), as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and Covered Bonds together the “Notes”). The Programme provides that Notes may 
be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”) as specified in the Final Terms of the 
relevant series of Notes (each a “Series”). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (each a “Tranche of Notes”). The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes. 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) should be read and construed together with any supplement or update hereto and with any other 
information incorporated by reference herein, and, with the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation 
to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “FIN-FSA”), neither the Issuer nor the Arranger have taken 
any action, nor will they take any action, to render the public offer of the Notes or their possession, or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
other documents relating to the Notes admissible in any jurisdiction requiring special measures to be taken for the purpose of a public offer.  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state of the United States. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States or in any 
other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”)), except to a 
person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves with such 
risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term counterparty credit ratings BBB/A-2 by S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”). S&P is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). The Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above 
or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, and this Base Prospectus may not be used for the purpose of, 
or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public 
offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction outside of Finland. The Issuer, the Arrangers and the lead manager(s) of a specific Tranche of Notes (the “Lead 
Manager(s)”) expect persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither the 
Issuer, the Arrangers nor the Lead Manager(s) accept any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser 
of the Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, 
Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to deliver the Notes and the Notes may not 
be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries. 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. The provisions set out in the Prospectus 
Regulation and referred to in this section apply in respect of the UK until 31 December 2020 in accordance with the agreement on the withdrawal of 
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community (2019/C 384 I/01) 
unless otherwise agreed between the EU and the UK. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
In this Base Prospectus, “S-Bank” or the “Group” refers to S-Bank Plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where context may otherwise require. 
All references to the “Issuer” refer to S-Bank Plc.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under Commission 
Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any dealer purchasing any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
The Arranger is acting exclusively for the Issuer as the arranger of the Programme and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for 
providing the protections afforded to their respective clients nor giving investment or other advice in relation to the Programme or the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended), the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Finnish Securities Markets Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki 
746/2012, as amended) (the “Finnish Securities Markets Act”) and the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA. The FIN-FSA, which is the 
competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in Finland, has approved this Base Prospectus on 21 December 2020 (journal number 
FIVA 60/02.05.04/2020). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the information contained herein. Such approval 
shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer will, as deemed necessary, supplement this Base Prospectus with updated information pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale nor delivery made hereunder shall create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or that the information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to its attention. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of 
any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Lead Manager(s) that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. In making an investment 
decision, each investor must rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of the Issuer and the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes, 
including the risks and merits involved. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) nor any of their respective affiliated parties nor 
representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Notes regarding the legality of the investment by such person. Investors 
are required to make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. Notwithstanding the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) by Finnish 
laws or under the regulatory regime of any other jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or 
unenforceable, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any 
statement made or purported to be made by it, or on its behalf, regarding the Issuer and the Notes. The Arranger and the Lead Manager(s) accordingly 
disclaim any and all liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of 
this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s). Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or 
shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by the Arranger or Lead Manager(s) as to the future. Investors are advised to inform themselves of 
any press release published by the Issuer. 
 
The Notes are governed by Finnish law and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled exclusively by Finnish courts in accordance 
with Finnish law.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................................... 2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................................... 3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 7 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................... 24 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 25 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................................. 40 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................................. 46 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY .................................................................................... 50 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ................................................................................................ 55 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS .............................................................. 56 
INFORMATION ON S-BANK ........................................................................................................................................ 57 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP ......................................................................................................................... 71 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS .............................................................................................................. 72 
TAXATION IN FINLAND .............................................................................................................................................. 74 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................ 76 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE .......................................................................................................................................... 77 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................................... 78

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This general description of the Programme must be read together with the other information included in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Issuer’s LEI: 
S-Bank Plc 
743700FTBNXAUN57RH30  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the 
Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
Arranger: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Lead Manager(s) of Tranche of Notes and possible 
other subscription places: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
Issuer and Paying Agent: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
Maximum amount of the Programme: 
EUR 1,500,000,000.  
The Issuer may increase the maximum amount. 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the General Terms and Conditions combined with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Note currencies: 
Euro. 
Term of Notes: 
A minimum of one year. 
Issue price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or floating, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the book-entry 
system of Euroclear Finland (“Euroclear Finland”).  
Priority of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes: 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other senior unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer. 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are intended to be 
"eligible liabilities" which are available to count towards the 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer referred to in the Directive (EU)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
2014/59 (as amended) (“BRRD”) and the Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 (as amended) (“CRR”). 
Priority of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be covered in accordance with the 
MCBA and will therefore benefit from the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Covered Bonds rank pari passu among themselves and 
with all other obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-
backed notes covered in accordance with the MCBA 
(including pursuant to sections 25 and 26 of the MCBA) as 
well as all Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans entered into the Register. In calculating the total value 
of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) 
at most 70 per cent of the underlying value of 
the shares or the real estate securing each 
Housing Loan; and 
2) 
the book value of the Substitute Collateral.  
In respect of the priority of the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
under Section 25 of the MCBA, the priority is limited among 
other things to 70 per cent in respect of Housing Loans of the 
current value, as at the date of the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, of the properties or the shares in the property 
owning companies which stand as collateral for such Housing 
Loans. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation 
to the Covered Bonds are not fully met out of the assets of the 
Issuer that are covered in accordance with the MCBA, the 
residual claims of the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari 
passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer.  
See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange. Also unlisted Notes may be issued.  
Interest: 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating interest 
rate or zero coupon Notes. Zero coupon Notes will be offered 
and sold at a discount, at par or premium to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Use of Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR to the extent floating rate interest is applicable 
according to the Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is the European 
Money Market Institute (EMMI). EMMI is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the 
European Securities and Market Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment 
funds 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
EURIBOR is now considered compliant according to the 
Benchmarks Regulation and has been added to ESMA’s 
Benchmark Register.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Liquidity reserve: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds do not contain a liquidity 
reserve provision. 
Redemption: 
The nominal amount of the Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
100,000. 
Applicable law:  
Finnish law.  
Authorisation: 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a duly 
convened meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed/given on 9 December 2020. The Issuer has obtained or 
will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Credit rating: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. If a Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme is to be rated, the rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and 
short-term counterparty credit ratings BBB/A-2 by S&P. The 
outlook is negative. 
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bonds assigned by S&P will be maintained following 
the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other rating of any 
Series of Notes will be obtained or maintained. The Issuer may 
seek to obtain ratings from other credit rating agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investors considering investment in the Notes should carefully review the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including supplements hereto and any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. Factors possibly affecting the investment decision are also discussed elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves inherent risks. Should one or more of the risks described herein, or any other 
risk, materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
 
The following description is a summary of certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes or that are material in order to assess the market risk associated with the Notes. This description is based 
on the information known and assessed at the time of preparing this Base Prospectus, and, therefore, the following is not 
an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in the Notes and should 
be used as guidance only. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes issued under this Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not currently be able to anticipate. Most of the 
risk factors identified below are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks and uncertainties relating 
to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or 
cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of 
the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of 
their investment.  
 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into seven categories based on their nature. These categories are:  
A. Risks associated with the Group’s operations;  
B. Risks associated with the Group’s operating environment; 
C. Risks related to the Group’s financial condition and financing;  
D. Risks associated with legal and regulatory environment; 
E. Risks related to the Notes generally; 
F. Risks related to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes; and 
G. Risks related to the Covered Bonds. 
 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation is presented 
first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended 
to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their materialisation. The order of the risk categories 
does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors nor their relative probability within that category, 
when compared to the risk factors in another category. 
 
All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consult with 
their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.  
 
Capitalized words and expressions in this section shall have the respective meaning defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
A. Risks associated with the Group’s operations 
 
The Group may be exposed to increased credit risk due to the Coronavirus pandemic 
 
Credit risk refers to the probability of a counterparty failing to meet its contractual payment obligations, thus causing a 
credit loss to the Group. Credit risk is the most significant risk type for the Group and the COVID-19-pandemic (the 
“Coronavirus pandemic”) together with the prevailing market circumstances makes it difficult to estimate the current 
size of credit risk and future loan losses that the Group is exposed to. However, the Coronavirus pandemic’s consequences 
have already negatively affected the Group’s development of fee income and expected credit loss (“ECL”). The most 
significant change in ECL is visible in household customers’ ECL provision, which increased by EUR 3.0 million in the 
six-month period ended on 30 June 2020. The change is due to an increase in credit risk exposures, which is caused by, 
among other things, the increase in non-performing loans. ECL amounted to EUR 20.2 million at the end of the six-month 
period ended on 30 June 2020 compared to EUR 17.1 million on 31 December 2019.  
 
Credit risk constituted 90 per cent (EUR 2.7 billion) of the Group’s total risk exposure amounts (“REA”) on 30 June 
2020. Respectively, on 31 December 2019, the comparable amount was also 90 per cent (EUR 2.6 billion). The most 
substantial items requiring capital include mortgages secured by immovable property, retail and corporate exposures.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Estimating the potential write-downs in the Group’s loan portfolio is difficult and depends on many factors, including 
general economic conditions, credit rating migration of customers and counterparties, management of credits by 
customers or changes in their ability to repay loans, the realisation value of collateral positions, structural and 
technological changes within industries and other external factors such as legal and regulatory requirements. The 
receivables written off as credit and guarantee losses totalled EUR 11.6 million in the six-month period ended on 30 June 
2020 compared to EUR 7.8 million in the six-month period ended on 30 June 2019. Credit risk may especially arise if 
changes occur in the customer’s financial position or in the value of the collateral pledged by the customer over the 
lifetime of the credit. Credit risk may also arise from off-balance sheet commitments, such as unused credit facilities and 
overdraft limits and guarantees. In addition, credit and counterparty risk arises in the investment operations when the 
counterparties are unable to meet their payment obligations and in wealth management operations when the customers 
are unable to pay their fees.  
 
The Group has provided flexibility to its customers in respect of repayment of loans as a response to the difficulties posed 
by the Coronavirus pandemic, in accordance with market practice. If the problems caused by the Coronavirus pandemic 
worsen and customers’ liquidity problems become increasingly long-term, providing flexibility and relief to repayment 
schedules may increase the Group’s credit risk. 
  
In July 2020, S&P assigned its ‘BBB/A-2’ long- and short-term issuer credit ratings to the Issuer. S&P estimates the 
outlook as negative because of the deteriorating economic environment related to the Coronavirus pandemic and its 
potential effect on the Issuer’s asset quality and profitability over the next two years. It is possible that the Issuer’s credit 
risk is higher than anticipated. 
 
When realised, the credit risk is ultimately seen as impairment losses, which may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition. Any failure in the Group’s credit risk management could result in substantial losses and could 
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group may be exposed to risk relating to the outflow of deposits and availability of funding 
 
On 30 June 2020, deposits accounted for EUR 6,473.5 million and 93.2 per cent (EUR 5,948.1 million and 92.6 per cent 
on 31 December 2019) of the Group’s total funding. The Group’s funding totalled EUR 6,944.0 million as on 30 June 
2020 (EUR 6,420.3 million on 31 December 2019). Should the Group encounter a significant outflow of deposits, the 
Group’s funding structure would change substantially, and it may be unable to convert all parts of its investments into 
cash in order to cover the funds withdrawn by depositors. Furthermore, replacing the deposits with alternative funding 
instruments may require time. The outflow of deposits could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
average cost of funding, liquidity position, results of operations and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
 
The Group’s failure to maintain adequate liquidity may cause inability to meet its payment obligations 
 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in customer lending, funding and treasury operations. Liquidity risk is defined as 
a risk of the bank being unable to meet its payment obligations in due time or that it will be forced to fund its liquidity 
obligations at an unfavourable cost. Liquidity risk arises from the difference between the maturities of cash in- and 
outflows. Generally, the role of banks in maturity conversion, in which short-term deposits are used for long-term lending, 
exposes banks to liquidity risk.  
 
The Group’s minimum requirement for liquidity management is that it meets the minimum reserve requirement of the 
central bank, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the “LCR”) -requirement, as well as the Net Stable Funding Ratio (the 
“NSFR”) -requirement set by the authorities. The LCR ratio is used to monitor the Group’s liquid assets and manage 
medium-term liquidity risk. The NSFR, a longer-term liquidity indicator, is used to measure the structural liquidity risk 
in the banking business and on the balance sheet. The Group’s minimum requirement of the LCR is at the date of this 
Base Prospectus 100 per cent and the minimum requirement of the NSFR is 100 per cent starting from 28 June 2021. 
 
At the end of the six-month period ended on 30 June 2020, the Group’s LCR ratio was 137 per cent compared to 142 per 
cent on 31 December 2019. The LCR liquidity buffer was EUR 1.31 billion on 30 June 2020 compared to EUR 1.11 
billion on 31 December 2019 and the net outflows during the six-month period ended on 30 June 2020 were EUR 958.9 
million compared to EUR 780.9 million on 31 December 2019. The NSFR ratio was 150 per cent at the end of the six-
month period ended on 30 June 2020 compared to 145 per cent on 31 December 2019. 
 
The Group may incur additional liquidity risk due to bank- or market-specific issues, which include withdrawals of 
deposits in different customer segments; an increase in the utilisation rate of (committed) credit lines and limits; an

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
increase in the Group’s collateral requirements; an increase in the Group’s own funding costs; problems in the functioning 
of debt capital markets that temporarily prevent utilisation of bonds to secure liquidity; and a decrease in securities’ mark-
to-market prices in the liquidity portfolio due to a weakened market environment. Failure to manage liquidity risks may 
materially increase the Group’s funding costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The amount of assets under management on which fee income is based may decrease, the pricing of services may need 
to be revised and there is uncertainty of certain future fee income of the Group 
 
The amount of assets under management of the Group on 30 June 2020 was EUR 8,387.5 million (EUR 9,053.6 million 
on 31 December 2019). This consisted of fund capital which accounted for EUR 6,346.4 million (compared to EUR 
6,825.4 million on 31 December 2019) and of wealth management capital which accounted for EUR 2,041.1 million 
(EUR 2,228.2 million on 31 December 2019). The net subscriptions of the Group and FIM funds in the six-month period 
ended on 30 June 2020 were EUR -41.0 million compared to EUR 223.7 million in the six-month period ended on 30 
June 2019. Asset management fees are paid to the Group as fee income, which is directly proportional to the size of the 
funds it manages. In addition, the Group has the option of receiving transaction fees and performance fees, the future 
amounts or continuity of which are uncertain. 
 
Weak development of the funds managed by the Group or in connection with asset management, intensifying competition 
or other reasons beyond the Group's control may result in unit holders or asset management clients of funds managed by 
the Group reducing, redeeming or transferring their assets to competitors. For the reasons mentioned above or for other 
reasons, the acquisition of new unit holders or clients of the asset management service may also become more difficult in 
the future. Unfavourable market developments can also lead to a decrease in the value of assets under management and 
thus a decrease in the amount of assets under management, which would reduce management fees. It is also possible that 
due to increasing competition, the Group will have to consider revising the pricing of its services. The materialisation of 
the above risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s fee income, results of operations and financial condition 
and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group’s risk management may not be adequate 
 
Due to the nature of the Group’s operations, risks and risk management are critical to the business management and the 
management of changes in the operating environment. The Group’s primary objective of risk management is to maintain 
the level of profitability, capital adequacy and liquidity above the minimum target levels defined by the board of directors 
of the Issuer, manage the reputation risk and secure disturbance-free operations in both the short and long terms.  
 
During 2019, the main tasks of risk management included monitoring and implementing regulatory changes and 
overseeing compliance with the risk appetite limits set by the board of directors of the Issuer as well as other internal 
guidelines supporting the Group’s risk management. Regular monitoring involved, for example, development of credit 
risk exposure, adequacy of liquidity and funding, performance of risk modelling and management methods, processes 
related to Know Your Customer (KYC), compliance with regulatory requirements (for example, Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive II and Market Abuse Regulation), continuous operative Anti-Money Laundering (AML) 
monitoring, as well as new operating models, distribution channels, IT systems and products. In 2019, the Group 
developed automation related to credit processes in order to enhance process efficiency, improve customer experience 
and to systematize credit risk control processes. In December 2019, the FIN-FSA imposed a penalty payment on S-Bank 
and issued a public warning to FIM Asset Management Ltd for omissions in the arrangement of risk management systems. 
See also “Risks associated with abuse of the financial system”. There can be no certainty that the Group’s measures would 
be adequate to manage risks and the new models and processes developed and utilised in the Group could turn out to be 
deficient in the future. 
 
Various credit risk models are used in calculating the impairment of financial instruments, and they require estimates of 
the likelihood of default and the amount of credit loss involved. The calculations also take economic forecasts into 
account. These tools and metrics may fail to predict, or predict incorrectly, future risk exposures which could lead to 
unexpected losses for the Group.  
 
Inadequate risk management or faults in risk models or any other failure in risk management could cause substantial 
losses and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Failure to successfully integrate acquisitions or carrying out divestments may result in operational problems and 
increasing costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
On 3 August 2020, the Issuer announced that the Issuer and Fennia Mutual Insurance Company have completed a 
transaction where the Issuer acquired Fennia Asset Management Ltd and Fennia Properties Ltd, comprising the asset 
management and real estate investment management services. The acquisition was approved by the FIN-FSA and the 
Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority (the “FCCA”) in July 2020. The Group may also carry out acquisitions in 
the future by purchasing majority or minority shares in target companies. 
 
The management of the target companies may play a key role in the continuation of the target company's customer 
relationships. Disputes with potential other shareholders, management or other employees of the target company in 
connection with the acquisition or at a later date may have an adverse effect on the integration and day-to-day business 
of the target company. Failure to integrate the Group's acquisitions, such as the acquisition described above, or other 
failure to achieve the profitability targets set for them may result in operational problems and costs that could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. S-Bank may also consider 
divestments and partnerships from time to time. There can be no guarantee that S-Bank will be successful in the 
implementation of such partnerships or that they materialise as planned.  
 
The Group may be unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position 
 
The Group’s banking licence is dependent upon, among other things, the fulfilment of capital adequacy requirements in 
accordance with applicable regulations which are the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 
2014/610, as amended) (the “Credit Institutions Act”) and the CRR. Under the act and regulation, the Issuer is primarily 
supervised by the FIN-FSA. The Group’s capital structure and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the Group’s 
credit ratings and the availability and costs of funding operations. The Group’s capital structure and cost of funding may 
change, for example, due to issues of further subordinated debt under the Issuer’s debenture programme. Moreover, the 
absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the Group’s growth and strategic options. Significant 
unforeseen losses may create a situation where the Group is unable to maintain its desired capital structure.  
 
The Issuer’s capital adequacy is related to the availability of additional capital in the future. The capital position is affected 
by, for example, profit after tax, the distribution of dividends, immaterial rights, changes in fair value reserve as well as 
the difference between impairments and expected loan losses. REA is affected by, for example, the amount of lending 
and risk weights of the loans and other receivables and assets, as well market and operational risks. 
 
Negative changes in the Group’s capital adequacy position, such as a decrease in equity or an increase in risk exposure 
amounts, could have an adverse effect on the availability and cost of the Group’s funding and, consequently, have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
Operational risks, such as, unclear or inadequate processes may have a negative effect on the Issuer’s business and 
reputation 
 
Operational risk refers to the possibility of losses arising from unclear or inadequate processes, deficient systems, actions 
by the personnel or external factors. Operational risks at S-Bank include internal and external malpractice, problems 
related to working conditions and safety, property damage, disruptions and interruption damage related to the IT system 
and issues with processes. Operational risk constituted 10 per cent of the Group’s total REA at the end of the six-month 
period ended on 30 June 2020 (10 per cent on 31 December 2019).  
 
The consequences of realised operational risks may include financial losses or a deterioration in S-Bank’s reputation and 
its esteem and trustworthiness in the eyes of the public. The occurrence of any of these consequences could adversely 
affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes.  
 
The Group’s operating conditions are dependent on uninterrupted functioning of IT systems and renewal of systems 
may cause considerable costs to the Group  
 
The Group relies on IT systems and telecommunications connections for communication with its stakeholders and in 
daily business operations in banking, asset management, risk management and business functions. The functioning of the 
Group’s information systems may be interrupted for any number of reasons, for example, due to ongoing IT system 
development projects, subcontractors’ problems, power outages, information security breaches or major accidents, such 
as fire or natural disaster, and due to realisation of other operational risks such as an error on the part of the Group’s own 
employees. If the operation of IT or telecommunications systems are interrupted, it may cause significant financial losses 
to the Group and to its customers, as well as damage the Group’s brand and reputation in a materially adverse manner 
and thereby affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Changes in business needs, legislation, guidelines or interpretations of the authorities may also obligate the Group to 
upgrade its IT and telecommunications systems, to make investments to develop or replace its existing systems, or 
otherwise increase the Group’s IT infrastructure expenditure. If the Group’s IT or telecommunications systems need to 
be extensively replaced or upgraded, it may cause unexpected costs and onerous projects within the Group and thereby 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to brand, reputation and market rumours 
 
The Group provides services under two brands. The S-Bank brand is used to offer services for daily banking, saving, 
investment, and financing. Under the FIM brand, the bank offers private banking services as well as services for 
institutional investors. In 2020, the Finns chose S-Bank as the most responsible bank for the eight consecutive year in the 
Sustainable Brand Index survey.  
 
Possible future decisions by the Group concerning its operations and the selection of services and products it offers may 
have a negative effect on the Group’s brand. Negative developments in the Group’s reputation and brand as well as 
negative views of consumers concerning the Group’s sustainability may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
and financial condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
The Group collects and processes personal data as part of its daily business and the leakage of such data or failure to 
process the data in accordance with applicable regulation could result in fines and loss of reputation and customers 
 
In the ordinary course of operations, the Group collects, stores and uses data that is protected by data protection laws. 
The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to the Issuer and it is subject to increasing data security 
requirements. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) entered into force on 25 May 
2018. The GDPR applies to all processing of personal data, meaning any operation performed upon identifiable 
information of an individual (data subject) within the EU. In addition, the GDPR applies to the offering of goods and 
services in the EU and to the monitoring of data subjects’ behaviour within the EU, regardless of the location of the 
company. Breaches of the GDPR could result in fines of up to 4 per cent of the worldwide annual turnover or EUR 20 
million (whichever is higher). 
 
It is possible that the personal data systems may be misused or the Group may fail to protect personal data in accordance 
with the privacy requirements provided under applicable laws, and certain customer data may be used inappropriately 
either intentionally or unintentionally, or leaked as a result of human error, technological failure or cyber-attack. 
 
Violation of data protection laws by the Group or one of its partners or suppliers, or any leakage of customer data may 
result in fines and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Realisation of any system and information security risks could adversely affect the Group’s business and reputation 
 
The Group’s daily operations process a large number of transactions which are in part highly complex, relying on the 
secure processing, storage and transfer of confidential and other information in the Group’s IT systems and information 
networks. S-Asiakaspalvelu Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer, provides some of these data processing and 
other services related to a credit institution’s core operations, in its capacity as a service company as provided for by the 
Credit Institutions Act. The data processing activities include, for example, an automated system for processing unsecured 
credit. The Group also stores personal and banking secrecy information provided by its customers, and hence its 
operations depend on confidential and secure data processing. Any failure in these matters could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s reputation and business and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
B. Risks associated with the Group’s operating environment 
 
The Coronavirus pandemic and uncertain global economic and financial market conditions could adversely affect the 
Group 
 
Global, regional and national economic and financial conditions affect the Group's operating environment. Key external 
factors affecting the operating environment are the economic and financial markets’ circumstances in Finland (including 
the domestic housing and real estate markets), the international political situation and the global economic and financial 
market outlook, which may affect the price levels of financial assets, cause interest rate fluctuations and affect market 
confidence.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
The Coronavirus pandemic that erupted in March 2020 affects the general economic and financial situation, the banking 
sector in its entirety and the Group and its customers. The spread of the Coronavirus pandemic has led to restrictions, 
recommendations and other precautionary measures imposed by the authorities and private sector in Finland and 
elsewhere in the world to curb the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. Such measures have included physical distancing 
measures, travel bans, business restrictions and cancellations of events. These measures caused a serious shock to the 
Finnish and global economy, and many of these measures have affected and still continue to affect the Group's business. 
The direct and indirect effects of the Coronavirus pandemic may expose the Group to risks related to its lending, liquidity 
maintenance, investment activities and business processes. The duration of the crisis will determine the extent to which 
unemployment, the amount of bankruptcies and the likelihood of credit losses will increase. 
 
The Coronavirus pandemic is likely to lead to a significant contraction of the world economy and the Finnish economy 
in 2020. It is considered to be likely that the global economy will fall back into a recession, which could be deeper and 
last longer than the one experienced during the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009. Demand for labour has also declined 
due to declining global demand and various restrictive measures. The number of bankruptcies is also expected to increase 
significantly at the end of 2020 and in the first half of 2021, as it is widely expected that the Coronavirus pandemic 
remains an issue for some time to come. The challenges of public finances remain high and the government's measures 
to advance structural reforms have remained modest. The weakening of the economic dependency ratio is increasing the 
pressure for reform. Adverse changes in employment prospects, consumer confidence, the general economic outlook or 
regulatory restrictions may adversely affect the demand for housing and thus the demand for mortgages. 
 
In addition to the Coronavirus pandemic, the global economic and financial market conditions have repeatedly 
experienced significant uncertainty in recent times due to, among other factors, the ongoing sovereign debt issues in 
certain European countries, particularly certain eurozone Member States, the decision of the United Kingdom to withdraw 
from the European Union (commonly referred to as Brexit) and the continuous trade tensions between the United States 
and China with regard to trade tariffs. Uncertainty has also been increased by the tense trade relationship between the EU 
and the US. Negative news about the manufacturing process and timing of a vaccine against the Coronavirus pandemic 
could also significantly increase uncertainty in the economic and financial markets. 
 
Potential negative growth in economies and financial markets may reduce demand for certain banking and financial 
services. As all of the Group’s key customer groups consist of Finnish customers, the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition could be also adversely affected by this geographical risk concentration in Finland. S-
Bank concentrates on household customers lending, for example, credit cards, consumption and housing loans. The 
majority of the Group’s corporate loans portfolio focuses on financing housing companies’ apartment buildings, backed 
up by collateral. Deterioration in the general economic situation due to the Coronavirus pandemic, high unemployment 
and financial uncertainty may increase defaults, credit losses and impairments and may adversely affect demand for the 
loans and products offered by the Group, which may adversely affect the Group's results and increase the Group's 
financing costs. In addition, the consequences of the above uncertainties and restrictions will consequently weaken the 
Issuer's credit risk outlook (for more information on the credit risk, see “The Group may be exposed to increased credit 
risk due to the Coronavirus pandemic”). 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the duration of the Coronavirus pandemic or its overall effects on the Finnish economy 
are not known, and the overall situation is generally unstable and the outlook uncertain. It is difficult to predict the spread 
of the Coronavirus pandemic and the duration or possible expansion of restrictions, recommendations and precautions. 
The Coronavirus pandemic may affect banks with a delay as customers' financial difficulties prolong. The changes in the 
economic cycle and operating environment described above may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
its financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The Group is exposed to a possible decline in the values of housing and residential property 
 
The Group’s total lending on 30 June 2020 was EUR 5,142.2 million (EUR 4,780.6 million on 31 December 2019). 84 
per cent (82 per cent on 31 December 2019) of the total lending were loans with housing or residential property as 
collateral to private customers and housing companies in Finland. Therefore, the development of the Finnish housing and 
residential property markets is of key importance for the Group's business. 
 
Housing and residential property values are affected by a number of factors including interest rates, inflation, economic 
growth, business environment, availability of credit, property taxation, unemployment rates, demographical factors and 
construction activity. The development of housing and residential property markets may vary significantly between 
different regions in Finland, as the impact of certain structural changes may differ in individual economic regions. The 
Group focuses on directing mortgage loans regionally to growth centres, such as large cities and the surrounding 
municipalities, where price trends have been positive. However, the Group has also directed mortgage loans to regions 
where the housing and residential properties as collaterals are located in more sparsely populated areas or in areas with

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
decreasing population, in which areas the housing and residential property values have generally decreased and risk for 
further decrease is higher. If the state of the Finnish housing and residential property markets declines, for example, as a 
result of the Coronavirus pandemic, and the value of the apartments and the properties provided as collaterals decreases, 
it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operation, financial condition and Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The value of other collateral, including but not limited to financial status of a 
guarantor, may change negatively in the course of time. Furthermore, any other negative economic development, political 
decisions or rapid contraction in the labour market may also adversely affect the Group’s customers’ and possible 
customers’ loan and investment appetite in respect of housing and residential property, for example, due to an increase in 
unemployment, payment difficulties and/or other phenomena following the Coronavirus pandemic or any other reason.  
 
The market for the Group’s core business areas has a high level of competition 
 
S-Bank focuses on offering products and services to household customers, while also offering targeted services to selected 
corporate customers. The financial services market remains highly competitive in the local and regional markets where 
the Group operates. The Group competes with Finnish and international operators. Some of the competitors have been 
active in the market for a long time, but some new entrants have also recently entered the market. The current competitive 
situation and operating environment are characterised in particular by historically low interest rates, which tightens the 
competitive situation between banks, and the restrictive measures related to the Coronavirus pandemic and the subsequent 
contraction in economic activity are not expected to ease the current competitive situation. The Coronavirus pandemic 
has also benefited new operators that utilize digital business models, and this may accelerate the change in the competitive 
environment to the detriment of the Group. 
 
The key factors for the competitiveness of market participants are their credit ratings, financial position and solvency, 
availability and quality of the services, reputation along with the breadth of the product and service offering. If the Group 
is unable to provide sufficiently competitive service and product range, the Group may lose market share or suffer losses 
in some or all of its business areas, for example, due to unsuccessful digitalisation of its banking services. The Group’s 
profitability may also decline due to intense competition, which puts pressure on the bank's product and service portfolio. 
If the Group is unable to respond to the prevailing competitive situation, it may have a material adverse effect on the 
business of the Group, its financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
 
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which the Group operates 
 
Payment defaults, bank runs and other types of financial distress or difficulties in a foreign or domestic bank or other 
financial institution may lead to a series of liquidity problems and losses as well as payment and other difficulties in other 
companies operating in the financial sector, due to the interconnectedness of the domestic and global financial systems 
and capital markets. If one financial institution experiences difficulties, it could have spill-over effects on other institutions 
through, for example, lending, trading, clearing and other linkages between financial institutions. These types of risks are 
called ‘systemic risks’ and they can have a significant negative impact on markets in which the Group operates on a daily 
basis which can, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby 
the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. It has been considered that the consequences of the Coronavirus 
pandemic have increased chances that acute liquidity or other financial problems arise in some part of the financial system. 
 
C. Risks related to the Group’s financial condition and financing 
 
Price development in money and capital markets  
 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and credit spreads may affect the Group’s business results of operations and 
financial condition. The price development of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Group’s banking 
book which also includes equity, foreign exchange and real estate risks, and in the amount of revenues generated from 
assets under management. It is possible that negative news in respect of a vaccine against the Coronavirus pandemic may 
cause significant effects on the money and capital markets and pose difficulties for the Group to obtain funding at 
competitive terms. If financial markets perform against expectations and/or if prepared estimates and predictions or 
liquidity conditions prove to be inaccurate or inadequate due to the Coronavirus pandemic, the related vaccine, or for any 
other reason, the Group’s financial condition and ability to obtain reasonably priced financing from capital markets could 
be adversely affected. 
 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk, spread risk and other market risks 
 
S-Bank’s market risk mainly consists of the structural interest rate risk in the banking book of the banking business 
(lending and deposits taking) and the treasury unit’s interest rate risk, as well as the market risk arising from the credit

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
risk component of debt securities, known as the spread risk at S-Bank. Additionally, the Group’s banking book also 
includes equity, foreign exchange and real estate risks to a less significant extent. 
 
Most of the Group’s market risk arises from the interest rate risk in the banking book (the “IRRBB”). The IRRBB is 
reviewed as a structural interest rate risk in the banking business (lending and deposits taking) and as the interest rate risk 
of debt securities in the treasury unit’s portfolio. The Group uses derivatives to hedge the interest rate risk on the banking 
book. Hedging derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and forward rate agreements. The structural interest rate risk 
in the financial accounts of the banking activities arises from divergent interest rates and maturities of receivables and 
liabilities, as a result of which the future net interest income of banking operations is not fully predictable. Interest rate 
risk is managed through the planning of the balance sheet structure and interest rate linkages, as well as through interest 
rate derivatives. An interest rate risk arises in the investment portfolio when the values of debt securities in the portfolio 
change as a result of fluctuations in market rates (price risk). The price risk relates to the market price sensitivity of 
balance sheet items, as well as to the effects of market price fluctuations on fair value. Price risk is the present-value 
interest rate risk affecting both the balance sheet’s ongoing valuation items and the fixed rate loans related to the treasury 
unit’s investment activities. 
 
The spread risk arises from fixed-rate and floating-rate bonds in the treasury unit’s portfolio and is related to a change in 
the market’s general opinion of the creditworthiness of an investment instrument’s issuer, or to a shift in the general 
market sentiment towards investments that involve a credit risk, due to which the investments depreciate in value. 
 
The fair value of financial instruments held by the Group in investment activities is sensitive to volatility of and 
correlations between various market variables, including interest rates and credit spreads. Materialised market risks 
relating to investment activities could require the Group to recognise negative fair value changes. Any of such events, as 
well as a failure to manage interest rate risk and spread-risk, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operation and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
As a result of the monetary policy of the ECB, the EURIBOR-rates, which are central reference rates used for mortgages, 
are at historically low levels. In case the EURIBOR-rates or other relevant reference rates further decrease, it might have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Group’s banking segment’s financial position if the interest payments received 
on issued consumer loans are further reduced due to increasingly lower reference rates. Accordingly, historically low 
interest rates and failure to manage this risk could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition and thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
D. Risks associated with legal and regulatory environment  
 
The Group is exposed to regulation and oversight risks 
 
The Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive supervisory and regulatory 
regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European Union. The Group must meet the requirements 
set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial 
information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms of business and permitted 
investments, liabilities and payment of dividends. Changes in legislation, regulations and procedures of the authorities, 
interpretations concerning their application as well as court decisions could adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Group. In addition, certain decisions made by the Group may require approval 
or notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
 
The Group faces the risk that regulators may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken 
corrective action as required. Regulatory proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions 
regarding, the Group, as well as diverting management's attention away from the day-to-day management of the business. 
A significant regulatory action against the Group could have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group, its 
results of operations and/or financial condition. This may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Notes. 
 
Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act and the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer is currently classified 
as a less significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Issuer under the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
(the “SSM”) is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to directly supervise 
any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied consistently. 
 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the Capital Requirement 
Directive and Regulation (CRD IV Directive/CRR)  (Directive (EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the 
CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (Directive (EU) 2019/879, the “BRRD II”, and all laws together the 
“Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all 
institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. 
On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking 
Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into 
force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules will start applying in mid-2021. However, the BRRD II must be implemented 
into national legislation by 28 December 2020. The implementation of the Banking Reform Package to national legislation 
has not completed at the date of this Base Prospectus and there is no certainty to the interpretations of the rules once 
implemented. The application and interpretations of the referred rules may have a material adverse effect on the business 
of the Group, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Other areas where changes could have an impact include, among others, (i) changes in the monetary economy, the interest 
rate and the policies of central banks or regulatory authorities; (ii) general changes in government policy or regulatory 
policy which may have a material impact on investor decisions in specific markets in which the Group operates; (iii) 
changes in the maximum loan-to-value ratio for housing loans (loan cap); (iv) changes in the competitive environment 
and pricing; and (v) changes in the financial statements framework. 
 
Any of the risks detailed above, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on refinancing opportunities, capital 
adequacy, business operations, financial standing, cost structure, business results, prospects and payment capabilities of 
the Group as well as on the value of the Notes. 
 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
 
The Group must comply with numerous capital requirements and standards. Recent and possible future changes to capital 
adequacy and liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise additional Tier 1, common 
equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital by way of further issuances of securities and could result in existing Tier 1 and Tier 2 
securities ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s regulatory capital, either at the same level as at present or at all. See also 
“Regulatory Environment – Capital requirements and standards”. Also, any updates to the Pillar 2 capital requirement 
by the FIN-FSA could affect the Group´s capital position negatively. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased 
regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in 
intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s, 
business, financial condition and results of operations and may also have other effects on the Group’s financial 
performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of 
sanctions. 
 
The FIN-FSA has decided to remove the additional capital requirement referred to in Chapter 10, Sections 4 and 6a of 
the Credit Institutions Act, determined on the basis of the structural characteristics of the financial system (systemic risk 
buffer). See also “Regulatory Environment – Capital requirements and standards”. Removing the additional capital 
requirement together with other easing may cause unexpected effects and their impact on the Group and the economy as 
a whole is uncertain. In addition, if the eased capital or other prudential requirements are tightened in the future to their 
levels existing prior to the Coronavirus pandemic or even higher, it may adversely affect the Group. 
 
Stock exchange listing brings increased regulation 
 
The Issuer has not listed any of its financial instruments or its stock on any stock exchange at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and the stock exchange listing of the Notes brings with it increased regulation and oversight of the Group’s 
business operations, such as increased requirements concerning the obligation to provide regular and on-going 
information. 
 
The Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “MAR”) establishes a common regulatory framework on insider 
dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information and market manipulation (market abuse) as well as measures to 
prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the financial market in the European Union and to enhance investor 
protection and confidence in those markets. In its capacity as a provider of investment services, the Issuer is already 
subject to the MAR and obligations to prevent and counter market manipulation and abuse. MAR imposes a range of 
regulatory requirements that will be new for the Issuer in its capacity as an issuer of listed financial instruments and 
violations of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or even criminal sanctions. MAR 
also contains rules on, among other things, procedures relating to the maintenance of insider lists and the disclosure of 
managers’ transactions.  
 
If the Issuer was deemed to have neglected the obligations incumbent upon investment service providers or issuers of 
listed notes, this may lead to sanctions under MAR and related regulation as well as to negative publicity, which in turn

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business operations, its performance or its financial position and have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group's reputation. 
 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or 
the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money laundering or financing of terrorism 
is always in the background for financial institutions. Any breach of the rules that aim to prevent the illegal exploitation 
of the financial system or even the suspicion of such infringements could have grave legal consequences for the Group 
and its reputation, which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on the Group's business operations, its 
performance or its financial position. 
 
In December 2019, the FIN-FSA imposed a penalty payment on S-Bank and issued a public warning to FIM Asset 
Management Ltd for omissions in customer due diligence. The shortcomings on customer due diligence processes and 
the Group’s risk-based approach occurred in 2014-2017. If S-Bank and FIM Asset Management Ltd are unable to improve 
compliance with the tightened anti-money laundering requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
brand, business operations and financial results as well as on the value of the Notes. There can be no assurance that 
measures taken at the Group have been sufficient or that S-Bank also in the future complies with all applicable rules and 
regulations. 
 
E. Risks related to the Notes generally 
 
Adverse change in credit rating may significantly reduce the Issuer’s access to the debt markets and result in increased 
interest rates on future debt 
 
Any material deterioration in the Issuer’s existing credit ratings may significantly reduce its access to the debt markets 
and result in increased interest rates on future debt. A downgrade in the Issuer’s credit ratings may result from factors 
specific to the Issuer or from other factors such as general economic weakness or sovereign credit rating ceilings. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
 
The domestic implementation of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive created a new asset class of “senior non-
preferred” debt, and a specific ranking order for a credit institution’s debt, which might affect the Group or the Notes 
  
The European Commission published on 12 December 2017 Directive (EU) 2017/2399 regarding the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”). The Insolvency Hierarchy 
Directive creates a new category of “senior non-preferred” debt. The Issuer may need to further amend its debt structure 
due to the new category of “senior non-preferred” debt, and such debt is likely more expensive for the Issuer compared 
to the issuance of “senior preferred” debt. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive was implemented in Finland through, inter 
alia, the Credit Institutions Act and the amendments entered into force in November 2018. Pursuant to the domestic 
implementation of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive, credit institutions such as the Issuer have a specific debt ranking 
order in an insolvency situation. In addition, the amendment entitles credit institutions to agree on the ranking of non-
preferred financial instruments in accordance with the EU legislation. Categorisation as “senior non-preferred” debt 
requires a specific reference in the terms and conditions of a debt instrument. Until the domestic regulatory and/or legal 
practice concerning the new ranking order is developed, it is uncertain how the amendment will affect the Group or the 
evaluation of the Notes. Although the Programme does not cover the issuance of senior non-preferred debt instruments, 
the Issuer may decide to issue senior non-preferred debt instruments in the future, which may affect the Group or the 
evaluation of the Notes. 
 
There may not be an active trading market for the Notes 
 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there may not be an active trading 
market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Group. Although applications may be made for the Notes to be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, 
there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
 
Investment in fixed-interest Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the value of the Notes. 
 
Risks related to floating interest rate Notes (should such an instrument be issued by the Issuer) involves a risk that 
subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the market value of the Notes until the date of the ongoing 
interest period in question. 
 
Interest rate risks 
 
The Notes may be subject to a floating rate interest plus a margin if specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable 
Final Terms also specify how many business days prior to the first day of each interest period shall the interest rate of the 
Notes be determined. Hence, the interest rate may be adjusted for changes in the level of the general interest rate. The 
general interest rate level is to a high degree affected among others by the European and the international financial 
development and is outside the Group’s control. Risks related to floating interest rate Notes (should such an instrument 
be issued by the Issuer) involves a risk that subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the market value 
of the Notes until the date of the ongoing interest period in question. 
 
Modification of the terms and conditions bind all Noteholders 
 
The General Terms and Conditions include certain provisions regarding noteholders’ meetings. Such meetings may be 
held in order to resolve on matters relating to the Noteholders’ interests, among other, concerning amendment of terms 
of the Notes. The General Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders 
who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened 
and conducted noteholders’ meeting. Consequently, there is a risk that the actions of the majority in such matters will 
impact a Noteholder’s rights in a manner that is undesirable for some of the Noteholders. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such “benchmarks” 
 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent EU, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including the Benchmarks Regulation 
(see Regulatory Environment – Benchmarks Regulation). Changes to any of the above could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the ”benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with 
respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
F. Risks related to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
 
The regime under the BRRD directive enables authorities to take a range of actions in relation to financial institutions 
considered to be at risk of failing, and if the Issuer becomes subject to recovery and resolution actions by the Stability 
Authority, the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be subject to write-down on any application of the general 
bail-in tool, which may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment 
  
The BRRD (including without limitation as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms) sets out the necessary steps and powers 
for authorities to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial 
instability and minimises the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system costs for taxpayers.  
 
The BRRD was implemented in Finland through, inter alia, the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended) (the “Resolution Act”) 
and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as amended), together the 
“Finnish Resolution Laws”. Both acts entered into force on 1 January 2015. The latter regulates the Finnish Financial 
Stability Authority (the “Stability Authority”), being the national resolution authority having counterparts in all EU 
member states. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the 
BRRD.  
 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, a failing financial institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools that has 
been granted to the Stability Authority. The Stability Authority has the right to mandatory write-down the nominal value 
of liabilities and convert liabilities into regulatory capital instruments (bail-in) (which could include the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the operations of the 
institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by reducing the value 
of the institution's share capital or cancelling its shares.  
 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and could lead to holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. In particular, the 
exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and/or the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or any suggestion of 
any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
the price or value of their investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and could lead to the holders of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes. The actual effect on holders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes depends, among other things, on the 
nature and severity of the crisis. For more information on the Finnish Resolution Laws, see “Regulatory Environment – 
Resolution Laws”. 
 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
 
Items eligible for inclusion in minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) include institution’s 
own funds (within the meaning of CRD IV), along with “Eligible Liabilities”, meaning liabilities which inter alia, are 
issued and fully paid up, have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right to repayment within one 
year), and do not arise from derivatives. The MREL requirement may also have to be met partially through the issuance 
of contractual bail-in instruments, being instruments that are effectively subordinated to other eligible liabilities in a bail-
in or insolvency of the relevant institution. According to the Stability Authority’s memorandum on the application of 
MREL requirement published on 29 April 2019, the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes to be issued under the 
Programme are likely to qualify as Eligible Liabilities. 
 
The Stability Authority revised its decision on the Group’s MREL requirement on 21 April 2020. According to the revised 
decision, the requirement must be met gradually so that the requirement of 8.7 per cent of total liabilities and own funds 
must be met from 30 June 2021 and the full requirement of 9.9 per cent from 30 June 2022. During 2021, the FIN-FSA 
will issue an MREL requirement to the Group in accordance with the updated MREL policy. The updated MREL policy 
is based on the Banking Reform Package, which amended the provisions of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. The 
updated requirement of the Issuer on the amount of additional MREL eligible liabilities may increase and increase the 
Issuer's dependence on market-based funding. If the Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible 
liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other business operations. The applicable regulations in 
respect of the MREL requirement may be revised or the Stability Authority may revise its interpretations of the applicable 
regulations or its decision on the Group’s MREL requirement so that senior preferred notes, such as the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, do not count towards the MREL requirement of the Group. This could possibly also constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event under the General Terms and Conditions (see “The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
may be redeemed prior to maturity due to an MREL Disqualification Event, Tax Event or Tax Withholding Event”) 
requiring the Issuer to utilise other instruments, such as senior non-preferred notes, to fulfil its MREL requirement.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity due to an MREL Disqualification 
Event, Tax Event or Tax Withholding Event 
 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may contain provisions entitling the Issuer to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes at any time if an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4.4), Tax Withholding Event (as 
defined in Condition 4.5) or Tax Event (as defined in Condition 4.6) occurs. To exercise any such call option, the Issuer 
must obtain the prior consent of the Stability Authority. 
 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the applicable laws or regulations or the application or 
interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which 
the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will 
elect to exercise such option to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or, in the case where any prior 
permission of the Stability Authority for such redemption is required, whether such permission will be given. There can 
be no assurances that, in the event of any such early redemption, the Noteholders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at 
a rate that is equal to the return on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
 
Early redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer can redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, or during which there is an actual or 
perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the market 
value of those Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market believes that the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes may become eligible for redemption in the near term. The Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available 
at that time. 
 
Events of Default in relation to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
 
The only Events of Default in relation to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are set out in Condition 13 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. If an Event of Default in relation to a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note has occurred 
under Condition 13, any holder of such a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, institute such steps, including the obtaining of a judgement against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the 
relevant Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt 
or put into liquidation but not otherwise and, consequently, if an Event of Default in relation to Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes occurs pursuant to Condition 13, the Issuer shall only be required to make such payment after it has been 
declared bankrupt or put into liquidation. 
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue in respect of liabilities that rank pari passu, senior 
or junior with the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by the Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in the event of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
 
No call options to the Noteholders 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to redeem the relevant Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must obtain the prior consent of the Stability 
Authority. The Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of any 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and should not invest in such in the expectation that such a call will be exercised 
by the Issuer. Even if the Issuer is given prior consent by the Stability Authority, any decision by the Issuer as to whether 
it will exercise calls in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of 
the Issuer with regard to factors such as the economic impact of exercising such calls, regulatory capital requirements and 
prevailing market conditions. Noteholders of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes should be aware that they may 
be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes for a period of time 
in excess of the minimum period.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
G. Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
 
The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds 
 
The Covered Bonds are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) and covered in accordance with the 
MCBA. 
 
Under the MCBA, Noteholders of a Covered Bond are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the register of Covered Bonds that the Issuer is required to maintain pursuant 
to Chapter 5 of the MCBA as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds (the “Register”). In calculating the total value 
of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations apply under Section 16 of the MCBA: 1) at most 70 per cent of the 
underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each housing loan; 2) at most 60 per cent of the underlying value 
of the shares or the real estate securing each commercial real estate loans; and 3) the book value of the Substitute 
Collateral. 
 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, the Noteholder’s priority is limited to 70 per cent in respect of housing loans (in Finnish: 
asuntoluotto, as defined in the MCBA) of the current value of such residential property which stands as collateral for 
such housing loans. The corresponding limit for commercial property which stands as collateral for such commercial real 
estate loans (in Finnish: liikekiinteistöluotto, as defined in the MCBA) is 60 per cent. Accordingly, notwithstanding that 
the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, Noteholders have the right to receive payment before 
all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Asset Pool covering the Covered Bonds up to the 
prioritised portion of the Cover Asset Pool. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are not met out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s assets other 
than those entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Given the pari passu ranking of the 
Covered Bonds under the MCBA, in the event of the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid 
to Noteholders out of the Cover Asset Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant 
time to counterparties of any Derivative Transactions registered in the Cover Asset Pool entered into by the Issuer and 
the providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into by the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity 
or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 25 of the MCBA. 
 
The funds accruing from the assets entered in the Cover Asset Pool of the Covered Bonds after the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings are, under the MCBA, entered into the register as collateral until the Noteholders, 
counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are repaid in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, as applicable. Such 
provision of the MCBA shall also be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer after the commencement of the liquidation 
or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of derivative transactions entered into the Register in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or assets entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
 
The national implementation of the new covered bonds directive causes uncertainties 
 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “CBD”) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. The CBD and the aforementioned regulation came into effect on 7 
January 2020. 
 
The CBD has to be implemented in national regulation by 8 July 2021 and the implementing regulations shall be applied, 
at the latest, from 8 July 2022. The CBD establishes an amended common framework for the issue of covered bonds for 
EU regulatory purposes. However, the member states have considerable discretion in implementing the CBD through 
national laws. Due to the new regulatory base-line and the considerable discretion that the member states have, the 
implementation of the CBD and its precise effects to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds are at the date of this Base 
Prospectus unknown. The implementation of the CBD could affect the Covered Bonds as well as the Issuer as an issuer 
of covered bonds and thereby, adversely affect the Issuer’s financial condition and ability to obtain further financing at 
competitive terms.  
 
The MCBA was enacted in 2010 and there is limited practical experience in relation to the operation of the MCBA  
 
The MCBA came into effect on 1 August 2010. It contains several amendments to the earlier legislation governing Finnish 
covered bonds and their preferential rights in an issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy. The protection afforded to the holders 
of Covered Bonds by means of a preference on the qualifying assets is based only on the MCBA. Although the MCBA 
regulates the mortgage credit bank operations of credit institutions that issue mortgage loans as well as mortgage credit

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
banks (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankki), there is only limited practical experience in relation to the operation of the 
MCBA. The application and interpretations of the referred rules may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Covered Bonds. For a summary of the MCBA, see “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity” below.  
 
No events of default in relation to Covered Bonds  
 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and therefore 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is 
envisaged that holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall 
due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of the Covered Bonds may 
receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond  
 
The Issuer is required under the MCBA to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is any Covered 
Bond outstanding. Under the MCBA, if the assets in the Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for in 
the MCBA, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the 
MCBA and the conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license 
for mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the 
requirements for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds in sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA are not fulfilled, 
a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered 
Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds 
receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds 
(with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory 
limit to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds.  
 
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may jeopardise payment on the Covered Bonds  
 
Default of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds in full or on a timely manner. In case of defaults of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool, the Issuer 
must supplement the Cover Asset Pool to comply with the statutory requirements and if the current value of the total 
amount of the Cover Asset Pool does not continuously exceed the current value of the combined payment obligations 
resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent, the FIN-FSA may withdraw the Issuer’s license for mortgage 
bank activities and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover the payments on the Covered Bonds. To the 
extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual 
claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in accordance 
with the MCBA.  
 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy  
 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has acquired a license 
to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
MCBA unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise. The Noteholders may not affect the entity that administers 
the liability for a covered bond and the corresponding collateral and if the transferee does not fulfil its obligations, it may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds. See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity—
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer”.  
 
No market for collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer  
 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Asset Pool or an eligible 
transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after an insolvency 
of the Issuer. A limited number of eligible transferees may affect adversely the liquidity of the collateral and consequently 
the value of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy  
 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered Bonds. 
Under the MCBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil 
the obligations relating to the relevant Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the 
consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out liquidity loans and enter into other agreements for the 
purpose of securing the liquidity of the Cover Asset Pool (the “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans”). Counterparties in such 
transactions will rank pari passu with holders of the relevant Covered Bonds and counterparties in existing Derivative 
Transactions entered into the Register of the Cover Asset Pool. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability 
of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and 
timely payments to holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank 
activity to be withdrawn  
 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured by properties. A borrower may default 
on its obligation under such mortgage loan. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible 
for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the MCBA. If the Cover Asset Pool does not have sufficient eligible 
assets, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations as stipulated by the provisions of the MCBA and the FIN-FSA 
may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the MCBA and the conditions 
of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank 
activities may be withdrawn.  
 
Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, unemployment, 
illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to 
an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a 
mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time.  
 
No due diligence has or will be undertaken in relation to the Cover Asset Pool  
 
No investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Asset Pool 
has or will be performed by the Arranger nor any Lead Manager. Instead, they will rely on the obligations of the Issuer 
under applicable Finnish law. If the Issuer has not complied with applicable Finnish law and the Cover Asset Pool is 
deficient, it may have an adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Limited information is available to holders of Covered Bonds, especially in relation to the assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool  
 
Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans, the location of the properties 
securing the mortgage loans or other assets included in the Cover Asset Pool and it is expected that the composition of 
the Cover Asset Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of the mortgage loans by borrowers or new 
mortgage loans and/or other eligible assets being added to the Cover Asset Pool. The assets contained in the Cover Asset 
Pool will change over time reflecting repayments and new credits granted and, therefore, there are no assurances that the 
regional diversification, risk profile or credit quality of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool will remain the same as on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool in 
accordance with the MCBA and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool in its financial 
statements and interim financial statements as set out in Section 19 of the MCBA. The Issuer is subject to the disclosure 
obligations as set out in the MAR, the Finnish Securities Markets Act, in the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA 
as well as in the rules of the Helsinki Stock Exchange, and this disclosure obligation may include matters relating to the 
requirements set for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the MCBA where such information is of precise nature and 
likely to have a significant effect on the prices of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements (see “Derivative Transactions related to the 
Covered Bonds”).  
 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant interest rate swap agreement, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless such interest rate swap agreements are 
replaced, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds.  
 
Extendable obligations 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined below) applies to a Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the 
Issuer notifies the Issuer Agent at the latest on the fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date that it will not redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds not redeemed will automatically extend to a date not later than 12 months from 
the Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms (the “Extended Final Maturity 
Date”). In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Covered Bonds will also then bear interest on the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against 
the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as set out in the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make 
payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer.  
 
Furthermore, if the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on the Covered Bonds from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or vice versa in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, then the Issuer may pay such 
interest pursuant to the floating rate or fixed rate (as the case may be) set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Issuer 
 
S-Bank Plc 
Fleminginkatu 34 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Arranger 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch  
Debt Capital Markets 
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613  
FI-00130 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
Auditor of the Issuer 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
Responsibility Statement  
 
S-Bank Plc has prepared the Base Prospectus and S-Bank Plc accepts responsibility regarding the information contained 
in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of S-Bank Plc the information contained in the Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
S-Bank Plc 
Helsinki, Finland 
 
No incorporation of website information 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on S-Bank’s website at https://www.s-
pankki.fi/investors. However, the contents of S-Bank’s website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto 
and the information incorporated by reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and 
prospective investors should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
Information derived from third party sources 
 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such sources have 
been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third-party information has been accurately reproduced herein. In 
addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to ensure execution of its growth strategy and for 
its general corporate purposes and, in case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, to cover the Issuer’s MREL 
requirement unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Terms and Conditions of the Programme must be read in their entirety together with 
the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
1. Notes and their form 
The notes (the “Notes”) are issued by S-Bank Plc (the “Issuer”). The Notes are issued as serial bonds (in 
Finnish: sarjalaina) (each a “Series of Notes”). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches (each 
a “Tranche of Notes”) of Notes. The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes consist of these general terms 
and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions” and each clause a “Condition”) and a document 
containing the specific terms and conditions of such Tranche of Notes (“Final Terms”). 
Notes may be issued as: 
(a) 
senior unsecured notes that rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and at least pari passu with the Issuer’s other unsecured commitments (the “Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”); or 
(b) 
covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) (the “Covered Bonds”), covered in 
accordance with the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the “MCBA”). The Covered 
Bonds are direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
mortgage-backed notes covered in accordance with the MCBA (including pursuant to 
Sections 25 and 26 of the MCBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans.  
The form of the Notes and their priority is specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued to be subscribed for by professional clients listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex 
II to MiFID II, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with 
Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of MiFID II. 
No Notes may be issued to retail clients referred to in Article 4(1)(11) of MiFID II. The minimum subscription 
amount is at least EUR 100,000 and the denomination of a book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000.  
The Notes will be issued in the Infinity book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Ltd. incorporated in 
Finland with Business ID 1061446-0, address Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, 
(“Euroclear Finland”) (or any system replacing or substituting the Infinity book-entry securities system in 
accordance with the Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Finland for the time being (the “Euroclear Finland Rules”)), in accordance with the Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing and Settlement (laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
348/2017, as amended) and other Finnish legislation governing book-entry system and book-entry accounts as 
well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. The registrar in respect of the Notes will be Euroclear Finland. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note or any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and 
any additional or other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which would otherwise be payable on or in 
respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. No Noteholder shall in the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed under assets that are 
subject to the priority set out in Section 25 of the MCBA in respect of any Covered Bond. 
The issuer agent (in Finnish: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) for a Series of Notes referred to in the regulations 
of Euroclear Finland as well as the issuer and paying agent of the Notes (the “Issuer Agent” and/or where 
applicable, the ”Paying Agent”) are defined in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more Lead 
Manager(s) (the “Lead Manager(s)”) for a Tranche of Notes as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may 
appoint a calculation agent (“Calculation Agent”) for a Tranche of Notes or the Issuer may itself act as the 
calculation agent, in each case as specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscriber(s) on a 
date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the book-entry system and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. Each Note is freely transferable after it has been 
registered into the respective book-entry account. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes. 
The Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or they may be 
unlisted as specified in the Final Terms. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
2. Nominal value 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000. Subject thereto, the Notes will be issued in 
such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. Maximum amount of the Programme and note principal as well as currency 
The total equivalent value of outstanding Notes issued under the Programme at one time may be a maximum 
of EUR one billion five hundred million (1,500,000,000). The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the 
maximum amount. 
The principal and the currency (euro) of a Series of Notes and the specific Tranche of Notes are defined in the 
Final Terms. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the issued aggregate principal of each Series and 
Tranche of Notes during the subscription period. Notice of any decision to raise or lower the issued aggregate 
principal of each Tranche of Notes during the subscription period is available at the subscription places and on 
the website at https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors as soon as practicable after any such decision is made. 
Each Series of Notes is numbered annually in numerical order. Each Tranche of Notes under each Series of 
Notes is numbered in numerical order.  
4. The term of the Notes, redemption and extension of maturity 
4.1 The term of the Notes and redemption 
The term of the Notes is at least one (1) year. The principal of the Notes is to be repaid on the Maturity Date 
as defined in the Final Terms or on the Extended Final Maturity Date if an Extended Final Maturity Date has 
been specified in the applicable Final Terms and the maturity of the Notes has been extended in accordance 
with Condition 4.2 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date). The principal of the Notes is 
to be repaid in instalments if so defined in the Final Terms. The business day convention defined in Final 
Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date. The redemption amount is the 
nominal amount of the principal. 
4.2 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer notifies the 
Issuer Agent at the latest on the fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date that it will not redeem the relevant 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and the date on which the relevant Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes 
of these General Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the maturity 
of any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date falling 12 months after the Maturity Date. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds 
on an interest payment date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) of (a) any decision 
to extend the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, as soon as practicable after any such 
decision is made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds in full at least three Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to do 
so and otherwise as soon as practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds (if any) is 
made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant interest payment date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such 
extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date or, as applicable, the relevant interest payment date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date 
or give rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result 
in a delay in payment being received by a Noteholder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity 
Date where at least three Business Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices))) and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for 
which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this 
Condition 4.2, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this 
Condition 4.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the 
maturity of the relevant Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any 
purpose or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2, interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the relevant Covered Bonds from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part but not the entire principal amount outstanding of any Covered Bonds on an interest 
payment date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably 
across the relevant Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on each relevant Covered Bond shall 
be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
If the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any relevant 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, unless the proceeds of issue 
of such further Notes are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part any Covered Bonds 
the maturity of which has been extended in accordance with this Condition 4.2. 
This Condition 4.2 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full 
on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter). 
4.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of a 
partial redemption of the Notes, the nominal amount outstanding of each Note shall be reduced pro rata. The 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may only be redeemed subject to Conditions 4.4 (Early Redemption of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event), 4.5 (Early Redemption

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of Withholding Tax Event) or 4.6 (Early Redemption of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of Tax Event) below. 
4.4 Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification 
Event 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event and subject to approval by the Finnish Stability 
Authority (in Finnish: Rahoitusvakausvirasto) (the “Stability Authority”), the Issuer may, at its option, having 
given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at their outstanding principal amount, together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consulting with the Stability 
Authority, that the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes ceases or would 
be likely to cease to be included in whole or in any part, or count in whole or in any part, towards the own funds 
or eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer. 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to 
the Issuer referred to in the Directive (EU) 2014/59 (as amended) (“BRRD”) and the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(as amended) (“CRR”) and/or any other EU laws or regulations implemented in Finnish laws as applied by the 
competent authorities. 
4.5 Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of Withholding Tax Event 
If: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 4.6 
(Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of Tax Event) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 4.6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes (a “Withholding Tax Event”); and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
the Issuer may, subject to approval by the Stability Authority, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at their outstanding principal amount, together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
4.6 Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of Tax Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event and subject to approval by the Stability Authority, the Issuer may, at its 
option, having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at their outstanding principal 
amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
“Tax Event” means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined below) experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of the Tax 
Jurisdiction affecting taxation;  
 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Tax Jurisdiction; or  
 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision or pronouncement that 
provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental 
action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
court, governmental authority or regulatory body in the Tax Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in 
which such amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, interpretation 
or decision is announced, on or after the issue date of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes: 
 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim 
a deduction in respect of payments in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes in 
computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced); 
or  
 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer’s items of income or expense with respect to the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) 
filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by the taxing authority in the Tax 
Jurisdiction, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges.  
 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. 
 
4.7 Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unaccrued interest attached thereto 
at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled shall be forwarded to 
the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
5. Subscription of Notes 
5.1 Subscription manner and subscription price and the payment of subscriptions 
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription during the subscription period at the subscription places defined 
in the Final Terms of each Tranche of Notes. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the 
subscription period. 
The subscription amount is the nominal value of the subscription multiplied by the issue price at the moment 
of subscription.  
When Notes are subscribed for on any other day than on an interest payment day but after the first interest 
payment day, the subscriber must pay the accrued interest for the period between the beginning of the current 
interest period and the subscription payment day.  
The Issuer does not charge the costs related to the issue or offering of the Notes from the Noteholders. The 
Lead Manager(s) and eventual other subscription places may charge such costs, which are based on the 
agreement between the Noteholder and the Lead Manager(s) or the eventual other subscription place. The 
eventual fees related to subscription are further determined in the Final Terms. 
Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the termination of the subscription period. Subscriptions are to be 
paid in a manner specified in the Final Terms. Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection with 
the subscription or at the time of the subscription, in each case as stipulated in the relevant Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Notes.  
5.2 Measures in oversubscription and under-subscription situations  
The Issuer has the right to determine separately on the measures in a situation of oversubscription and under-
subscription of a Series of Notes. In the event of oversubscription, such measures may include, for example, 
reducing subscriptions in part or in whole. In case the minimum amount of subscriptions is not fulfilled 
(undersubscription), the issue of the Series of Notes may be cancelled. It may be stipulated in the Final Terms 
of a Tranche of Notes that the issue of a certain Series of Notes requires a defined minimum amount of 
subscriptions or fulfilment of another condition. 
The Issuer has the right to raise the amount of offered Notes of a Series of Notes during the subscription period 
or to discontinue the subscription of Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Notice of cancellation of the issue or suspension of the subscription due to oversubscription is available at the 
subscription places and on the website at https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors.  
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall refund the 
price paid to the account notified by the subscriber within five (5) Business days from the date of the decision 
concerning the cancellation or decrease. 
5.3 Issue price 
The issue price of the Notes is fixed or floating and is determined in the Final Terms. 
5.4 Subscriber’s cancellation right and discontinuance of acceptance of subscriptions in certain cases 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of Notes, or before the Notes have been admitted for public trading, 
supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error, deficiency or material new information in it or publishes a 
completely updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, a subscriber, who has made a 
subscription in an offer of securities to the public before the publication of a supplement or before the 
publication of the updated base prospectus, has the right, according to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to cancel his subscription within at least two Business Days 
from the publication of the supplement or the update. However, the cancellation right only exists if the error, 
deficiency or material new information arose or was noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers 
in accordance with Condition 6 (Delivery of Notes). The supplemented Base Prospectus or a completely 
updated prospectus and information on the time limit for cancellation and the procedure relating to it are 
available at subscription places and on the Issuer’s website https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors. 
The Issuer has the right to discontinue the acceptance of subscriptions immediately when a need to supplement 
the Base Prospectus has become evident. The discontinuance will be announced in the subscription places and 
on the Issuer’s website https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors. 
6. Delivery of Notes 
Book-entries are registered in the book-entry account informed by the subscriber in a manner announced in 
connection with the subscription and during the time period defined in the Final Terms in accordance with 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
7. Security or guarantee 
No security has been granted for the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes.  
The Covered Bonds are covered by the assets that comprise a qualifying cover asset pool maintained by the 
Issuer and entered into the register of Covered Bonds in accordance with the MCBA. 
No guarantee has been granted for any Notes. 
8. Interest 
Either a fixed rate or a floating rate interest based on a reference rate each as specified in the Final Terms is 
paid from time to time on the unamortized principal of the Notes. Interest is paid on due dates of payment of 
interest specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes may also be issued as zero coupon notes which will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.  
      8.1 Fixed rate interest 
Annual interest, specified in the Final Terms, is paid on a Note to which this provision is applicable according 
to the Final Terms. 
      8.2 Floating reference rate interest 
Floating interest, which consists of a floating reference rate interest and a margin, is paid on the outstanding 
principal of a Note to which this provision is applicable according to the Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The floating reference rate interest is EURIBOR which appears on the relevant screen page of a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters), or such replacement page on a service which displays the information, 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) two (2) Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the 
beginning of the relevant interest period. If the interest period does not correspond to any time period provided 
on the designated distributor’s page, the interest is calculated by interpolating the ratio of time with two 
reference interest rates closest to the above-mentioned relevant interest period, between which the interest 
period settles.  
8.3  Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period (the “IA Determination Cut-off 
Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future interest 
periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.3); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.3; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date (as referred 
to in the relevant Final Terms) relating to the next succeeding interest period in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such interest period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding interest period (though 
substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant interest period from that which 
applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to the relevant interest period, in place 
of the margin relating to that last preceding interest period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the the floating reference rate 
interest for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.3); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an 
Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may 
be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes 
(and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
interest periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.3). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.3 shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.3. No Noteholder consent 
shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer;  
(vi) 
A Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Independent Adviser 
or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.3; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) 
above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. For the purposes of this Condition 8.3: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
ii) in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro, where such 
rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in its 
discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference 
Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in euro or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) 
determines is most comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: the Reference Rate  
(i) 
has ceased to be published on the relevant screen page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference 
Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that such 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of these terms and conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the 
Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, 
whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
      8.4 Minimum and/or the maximum amount of interest 
A minimum or a maximum amount or both for the interest mentioned in Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate 
interest), may be determined in the Final Terms. 
9. Interest period 
Interest period means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. The first interest period begins 
on the issue date or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and ends on the following 
interest payment date specified in the Final Terms. Each following interest period begins on the previous 
interest payment date and ends on the following interest payment date. Interest accrues for each interest period 
including the first day of the interest period and excluding the last day of the interest period. 
10. The Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction applied to the Notes is defined in the Final Terms and it may be: 
(a) 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided by the 
number which is received by multiplying the actual days of the interest period with the 
amount of interest periods included in a year (possible irregular interest periods form an 
exception); 
(b) 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided on other 
years than leap years by 365 and on leap years by 366. If the interest period is only 
partially extended to a leap year, the interest period is divided into two parts, to which the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
previously explained principles will be applied and the total amount of interests are 
combined; 
(c) 
“Actual/365”, where the actual days of an interest period are divided by 365;  
(d) 
“Actual/360”, when the actual days of an interest period are divided by 360; 
(e) 
“30E/360” or “Eurobond rule”, where the interest year is combined of 12 30 day months 
(however so, that when the last day of the last interest period is the last day of February, 
February is not changed to a 30 day month), which are divided by 360; or 
(f) 
“30/360”, where the interest year has 360 days and the interest month has 30 days. 
11. Business Day Convention 
The Business Day convention is defined in the Final Terms, according to which the interest payment date will 
be postponed if it is not a Business Day, by choosing one of the following: 
(a) 
“Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business 
Day, except if the following Business Day is in the next calendar month, then the interest 
payment date is the previous Business Day; or 
(c) 
“Preceding”, where the interest payment date is the previous Business Day. 
The change of the payment date of the interest of a fixed interest note does not affect the amount of interest to 
be paid on the share of the note. 
The change of the payment date a floating rate interest influences the length of the interest period and, by 
implication, the amount of the interest to be paid on the share of the note.  
“Business Day” means a day when commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business in Finland and the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
(TARGET 2) System is open. 
12. Payment of interest 
Interest is paid on the days which are defined in the Final Terms by applying the relevant Business Day 
convention mentioned therein. The payment is to be paid according to legislation regarding the book-entry 
system and book-entry accounts and according to the rules and decisions of Euroclear Finland to the 
Noteholder, who is entitled to receive the payment according to the book-entry account information. 
13. Event of Default 
This Condition 13 applies only to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 13 does not apply to any Covered Bonds. 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default in relation to any relevant Series of Notes of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: Any amount of interest on or principal of a Series of Notes has not been 
paid within ten (10) Business Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay 
is caused by a reason referred to in Condition 17 (Force Majeure). 
(b) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer or the Issuer is otherwise declared bankrupt or put into 
liquidation, in each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Republic of 
Finland having jurisdiction in respect of the same. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
any holder of a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable law:

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Non-Payment which is continuing, institute such steps, including the 
obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the 
relevant Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to 
having the Issuer declared bankrupt or put into liquidation, in each case in the 
Republic of Finland and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer; and/or 
 
(B) 
in the case of Winding-up, prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer, whether in the Republic of Finland or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer 
itself or by a third party, 
 
but (in either case) any holder of a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note may claim payment 
in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note only in the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer. 
 
The Noteholder of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes (other than, without prejudice to paragraphs (A) 
and (B) above, any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with 
the prior approval of the Stability Authority. Any refusal by the Stability Authority to grant its approval as 
described above will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes. 
14. Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Noteholders (hereinafter “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or request a 
procedure in writing among the Noteholders (a “Procedure in Writing”) to decide on amendments of these 
General Terms and Conditions or other matters as specified below. Euroclear Finland must be notified of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
Notice of a Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall include information on the date, place 
and agenda of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day and address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or 
if the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action 
required on the part of a Noteholder to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in 
Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland in respect of the Notes, were registered as 
Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the 
Procedure in Writing on the list of Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), or proxies authorised by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the principal amount 
of the relevant Series of Notes at the time of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the 
Procedure in Writing, be entitled to vote at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall 
be recorded in the list of the Noteholders present in the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Procedure 
in Writing.  
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chairman of the meeting shall be appointed by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute quorum only if two or more persons present 
hold or represent at least fifty (50) per cent or one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred (100) per cent of the 
principal amount of the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding attends the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
provides replies in the Procedure in Writing. 
If, within thirty (30) minutes after the time specified for the start of a Noteholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not 
present, any consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the Issuer, be 
adjourned for consideration at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar days 
and no later than twenty-eight (28) calendar days after the original meeting, at a place to be determined by the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day to reply the Procedure in Writing constitutes no quorum, the time 
for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.  
The quorum for an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or the extended Procedure in Writing will be at least ten 
(10) per cent of the principal amount of the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding the 
extended time for replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Noteholders’ Meeting or 
the Procedure in Writing. The notice shall also state the requirements for the constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Noteholders shall be determined according to the principal amount of the Notes held.  
The Issuer and any companies belonging to the Group shall not hold voting rights at any Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Procedure in Writing. Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of fifty (50) per cent of the votes cast. In 
the event of a tied vote, the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall have the casting vote. A representative 
of the Issuer and a person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are binding 
on all Noteholders: 
(a) 
to change the Final Terms, including to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any 
modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of any of the Final Terms or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes; 
provided, however, that consent of at least seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Series of Notes for the time being outstanding is required to: 
(a) 
decrease the principal amount of or interest on Series of Notes;  
(b) 
extend the term of Notes; 
(c) 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(d) 
alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the 
date for any such payments; 
(e) 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes; 
(f) 
amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing under this Condition 14; or 
(g) 
amend the majority requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
The consents may be given at a Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means 
in writing. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing may authorise a named person to take necessary action 
to enforce the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or of the Procedure in Writing. 
When consent from the Noteholders representing the requisite majority, as applicable, has been received in the 
Procedure in Writing, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted even if the time period for replies in 
the Procedure in Writing has not yet expired, provided that the Noteholders representing such requisite majority 
are registered as Noteholders on the list of Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) on the date when such requisite majority is reached. 
Resolutions passed at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all Noteholders 
of the relevant Series of Notes irrespective of whether they have been present at the Noteholders Meeting or 
participated in the Procedure in Writing. A noteholder is considered to have become aware of a resolution of a 
Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing when a decision has been recorded on the issue account of 
the Notes. In addition, Noteholders are obligated to inform subsequent transferees of Notes of resolutions made

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing. A Noteholders’ Meeting’s resolutions must also be 
informed to Euroclear Finland in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. For the sake of clarity, any 
resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, which extends or increases the obligations 
of the Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, shall be subject to the consent 
of the Issuer.  
15. Acknowledgement of Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or any 
other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes), by its acquisition of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts 
and consents that the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and any liability arising under the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes may be subject to the exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:  
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes (which may be a reduction to zero);  
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes;  
(C) 
the cancellation of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or the Relevant Amounts in 
respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes; and  
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and  
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Resolution Authority.  
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Finland, relating to (i) the 
transposition into Finnish law of Directive (EU) 2014/59 as amended or replaced from time to time and 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes, together with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any additional or other amounts 
whatsoever accrued or due or which would otherwise be payable on or in respect of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes. References to such amounts will include (but not be limited to) amounts that 
have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority. 
“Resolution Authority” means the Stability Authority and/or any other resolution authority with the 
ability to exercise any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer or any Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
16. Repurchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or cancelled. However, Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may 
only be repurchased subject to applicable banking regulations and after receiving an approval from the Stability 
Authority. Any refusal by the Stability Authority to grant its approval will not constitute an event of default 
under the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
17. Force majeure 
Neither the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account operator is 
responsible for any damage arising out of:  
(a) 
an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror 
or any pandemic or global disease; 
(b) 
disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of 
electricity that is beyond the control of and that has an essential impact on the operations 
of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator; 
(c) 
interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, other subscription place, the 
Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator that is caused by fire of equivalent accident; 
(d) 
strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the 
Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator, even 
when it only concerns a part of the personnel of the above-mentioned entities and 
irrespective of whether the above-mentioned entities are involved in it or not;  
(e) 
an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal 
waves and floods); or 
(f) 
other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty 
for the operations of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the 
account operator. 
18. Statute of limitations 
If a payment due and payable has not been demanded to be paid within three (3) years of its due date, the right 
to receive payment has lapsed. 
19. Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue further 
Tranches of Notes having the same terms and conditions as any of the previous Tranches under the same Series 
of the outstanding Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them, the 
issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) by increasing the principal amount of such Series 
of Notes or otherwise.  
20. Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a stock-exchange release, a notice published 
on the official website of the Issuer or a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major Finnish 
national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may deliver notices on the Notes in writing directly 
to the Noteholders at the address appearing on the list of the Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland in 
accordance with Condition 22 (or, for example, through EFi’s book-entry system or account operators of the 
book-entry system). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders when published 
in the manner specified in this Condition 20. Any disclosures required by the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (“MAR”) shall be made by means of a stock exchange release. 
The address for notices to the Issuer is as follows: 
S-Bank Plc

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
P.O. Box 77, 00088 Helsinki, Finland  
21. Other provisions 
The Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of a Noteholders’ meeting under Condition 14 (Noteholders’ 
Meeting and Procedure in Writing) of these General Terms and Conditions, make appropriate changes to the 
Final Terms if such changes do not weaken the position of the Noteholders. The Issuer must notify the 
Noteholders of the amendments to the Notes in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) above. 
Such changes may be for example: 
(a) 
changes resulting from the development of the book-entry system; or 
(b) 
correcting minor typing errors. 
22. Right to receive information and consent of the Noteholders 
The Noteholders give their consent to that, notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer and the Issuer 
Agent are entitled to obtain, and Euroclear Finland is entitled to give, at the request of the Issuer or the Issuer 
Agent, any information on the Noteholders entered in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland, 
including the name, contact details and possible Business ID of the Noteholder. Furthermore, the Issuer or the 
Issuer Agent shall, subject to the Euroclear Finland Rules and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from 
Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of the Notes. Further, the Issuer may provide the FIN-FSA with the 
information of the Noteholders, if required by applicable laws. 
23. Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Finnish law.  
Any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki (in 
Finnish: Helsingin käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
S-BANK PLC  
EUR [●] [Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes/Covered Bonds] Due [●] 
under the EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and 
Covered Bonds 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. [The provisions set out in the Prospectus 
Regulation and referred to in this section apply in respect of the UK until 31 December 2020 in accordance with the 
agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and 
the European Atomic Energy Community (2019/C 384 I/01) unless otherwise agreed between the EU and the UK.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the negative target market for the Notes is clients 
that seek full capital protection or full repayment of the amount invested, are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or 
need a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return profile]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]  
 
These Final Terms have been drawn in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and they are to be 
read together with the Base Prospectus regarding programme for the Issuance of Notes by S-Bank Plc (the “Issuer”) 
dated [●] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] and [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) (the “Programme”). The General 
Terms and Conditions of the Programme shall apply to these Final Terms. 
 
The complete information regarding the Issuer and the Notes can be found in the Base Prospectus, including documents 
incorporated into it by reference, and in these Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]] and the Final Terms are available at the web page of S-Bank 
Plc at https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors and at request from S-Bank Plc or at the subscription places mentioned in the 
Final Terms. 
 
[EVEN THOUGH THE AMOUNT TO BE REPAID IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE NOTES IS THE NOMINAL VALUE OF THE NOTES, THE INVESTOR MAY LOSE PART OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, IF THE NOTES ARE SUBSCRIBED ABOVE NOMINAL VALUE.]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Name and number of the Series of Notes: 
[●] 
Notes and their form: 
[Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes][Covered Bonds] 
Tranche number: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
 
[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of Series/Tranche of Notes] on [insert date/the 
Issue date.]] 
Lead Manager(s): 
[Name and Address] 
Subscription place(s) of this Series of Notes: 
[Name and Address / Not applicable] 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent:  
 
[Name and Address] 
Calculation Agent:  
 
[Name and Address] / [The Issuer acts as the calculation 
agent]  
Interests 
of 
the 
Arranger/Lead 
Manager(s)/other 
subscription place/other parties taking part in the issue: 
[The customary sector connected commercial interest / 
possible other interest] 
Principal and currency of the Notes: 
[EUR] [●] / [EUR] [●]. [Final Principal is to be confirmed 
by the Issuer]  
Number of book-entry units: 
[●] 
Priority of the Notes:  
[Same as with other unsecured liabilities of the Issuer] / 
[Same as with all other obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of mortgage-backed notes covered in accordance with the 
MCBA (including pursuant to Sections 25 and 26 of the 
MCBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans]. 
Form of the Notes: 
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity book-
entry security system 
Denomination of book-entry unit: 
[●] 
The minimum amount of Notes to be offered for 
subscription: 
[●]/ [Not applicable]  
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection 
with the subscription] / [The subscription shall be paid at 
the time of the subscription] 
[The fees related to subscription are EUR [●].] 
Issue date:  
[●] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed: [●]] / [The issue price is floating] 
Amount and manner of redemption:  
The nominal amount of principal of the Note

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
[The Notes will be repaid in one instalment.] [The Notes 
will be repaid in several instalments [define the amounts of 
the instalments].] 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s):] 
[●] 
 
ii) 
[Optional Redemption Amount:] 
 
[●] 
iii) 
[If redeemable in part: 
 
a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
b) Maximum Redemption Amount:] 
 
[●] 
iv) 
[Notice periods:] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[Insert Extended Final Maturity Date] 
[In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer notifies the 
Issuer Agent that it will not redeem the Notes in full on the 
Maturity Date [or within two Business Days thereafter,] 
the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds will be extended automatically to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date. In that event, the interest 
rate payable on, and the Interest Periods and Interest 
Payment Dates, in respect of the Covered Bonds, will 
change from those that applied up to the Maturity Date and 
the Issuer may redeem all or part of the nominal amount 
outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date, all 
in accordance with Condition 4.2.] 
 
Interest:  
[Define here, if the Notes are so-called zero coupon Notes, 
or which general note terms, either Condition 8.1 (Fixed 
interest rate) or Condition 8.2 (Floating reference interest 
rate), is applied and include required details as follows:] 
[Condition 8.1 (Fixed interest rate):] 
[Interest rate] [●] per annum

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity Date] 
[Condition 8.2 (Floating reference interest rate):] 
EURIBOR  
of [●] months 
[Margin] [●] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each month/quarter/half 
year/year commencing on [●] until the Maturity Date] 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable] 
Minimum/maximum amount of interest: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
Business Day convention: 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded in 
the book-entry security accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be [●] 
Relevant benchmark[s]: 
[The administrator of EURIBOR is the European Money 
Market Institute (EMMI). EMMI is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by 
European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 
2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the Benchmarks 
Regulation).] / [Not Applicable] 
LEI Code of the Issuer: 
 
743700FTBNXAUN57RH30  
ISIN Code of the Series of the Notes: 
 
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions: 
 
[Applicable (from and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date / Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
[●] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
 
[●] day of each month, commencing on [●] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of 
interest:] 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
b) Floating Rate Provisions:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
EURIBOR  
[of [●] months] 
[Margin [●]] 
 [ ] 
[ ] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
 
[●] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
 
[●] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of 
interest:] 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
 
Other information 
This information of the Tranche of the Notes is presented in connection with the issue of each Tranche of Notes. 
 
Decision and authority based on which Notes are issued: 
 
[Based on the authorisation dates [●] of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors / Based on the resolution of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors dated on [●]] 
Subscription period: 
[●] 
Condition for executing the issue: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Yield: 
 
The effective interest yield to the investor on the issue 
date, when the issue price is 100 per cent, is [●] per cent / 
[zero coupon] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
 
[●] per cent of the principal of the Notes, at maximum. 
Credit rating of the Notes:  
 
[●] / [Not applicable] / [The Notes are expected to be rated 
[●] by [●]] 
Listing: 
[Shall] / [Shall not] be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[Execution of the Issuer’s growth strategy and general 
corporate purposes] [and] [To cover the MREL 
requirement of the Issuer [and general corporate 
purposes]] / [●] 
Estimated time of listing:  
 
 
 
In Helsinki, on [date] 
S-BANK PLC 
 
[●]/ [Not applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
The following is a summarized presentation of certain aspects of the banking regulatory environment in which the Group 
operates: 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
The new Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”) commenced its operation in November 2014. The SSM is a system 
of financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The 
legal basis for the SSM is the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced its supervisory role under 
the SSM on 4 November 2014. Within the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-called significant credit institutions and 
has an indirect role in the supervision of less significant credit institutions. Less significant credit institutions continue to 
be supervised by their national supervisors, in close cooperation with the ECB. In Finland, the supervision of the less 
significant credit institutions under SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can 
decide to directly supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are 
applied consistently. 
 
One of the most significant reforms with respect to the regulation of banks is the capital adequacy requirements imposed 
on European banks. The Capital Requirement Directive and Regulation (CRD IV Directive/CRR) were published in the 
EU Official Journal on 27 June 2013. These rules and regulations implement the Basel III standards within the EU and 
are aimed, for example, at improving the quality of banks’ capital base, reducing the cyclic nature of capital requirements, 
decreasing banks’ indebtedness and setting quantitative limits to liquidity risk. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the business and productivity of banks. The 
requirements concerning the amount and nature of acceptable capital will have an impact on the amount of equity that 
will be recognised in capital adequacy calculations and will drive the business of banks towards long-term, low-yield 
financing arrangements at the expense of short-term ones and towards searching for new ways to obtain financing. In the 
medium term, therefore, banks must focus on increasing their capital and liquidity, which will reduce dividends and 
restrict the distribution of profits. Increasing the capital and liquidity of the banks will have an adverse impact on the 
productivity of banking. It will also have an impact on capital management, the pricing of products and business, the 
willingness to grant credit and the rearrangement of liabilities. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of 
banks. As the demand for long-term financing increases, the financing available from institutional investors, which are 
generally aiming to reduce their holdings in the finance sector, may prove to be insufficient. More than before, small 
banks will face difficulties in obtaining financing and capital that satisfies the requirements, which will enable larger 
banks to exert control over the market price of financing. Even if the availability of financing could be secured, financing 
may not be available at a reasonable price and under reasonable terms. As a result, some current business models may no 
longer be profitable, and some banks may exit the market, which would reduce competition in the banking sector. Major 
parts of the CRD IV package governing the capital adequacy and liquidity requirements are already in force in Finland 
and applicable to Finnish credit institutions.  
 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (Directive 
(EU) 2019/879, the “BRRD II”, and all laws together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package 
includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes 
and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published 
a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was published 
in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules will start applying 
in mid-2021. 
 
Capital requirements and standards 
 
The Banking Reform Package, including the CRR II, introduces binding requirements for a leverage ratio of 3 per cent 
and a binding requirement for a Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) of 100 per cent. CRR II also includes a new 
standardised method to compute the exposure value of derivatives exposures, calculations for market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to investment undertakings, large exposures and lending to small and medium sized 
enterprises (SMEs). The updates to the directive (the CRD V) include updates to supervisory measures and capital 
conservation measures. Among other changes, it updates the rules governing Pillar 2. Specifically, CRD V introduces a

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
split of Pillar 2 add-ons into Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) and Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), where the P2R will increase the 
MDA level (maximum distributable amount) while the P2G does not affect the MDA level. Both the CRR II and the CRD 
V entered into force on 27 June 2019. The CRR II will generally apply as of 28 June 2021, and the CRD V as of 28 
December 2020. 
 
In December 2017, the finalised Basel III framework (the Basel IV package), was published by the Basel committee. The 
Basel IV package will be implemented in 2022 at the earliest and includes revisions to capital requirements calculation 
of credit risk, operational risk, credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage 
ratio buffer for large and systemically important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal 
models. In addition, revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) was initially agreed in 
2016 (a revision was published on 14 January 2019) and will be implemented together with the Basel IV package in 2022. 
On credit risk, the package includes revisions to both the IRB approach, where restrictions to the use of IRB for certain 
exposures are implemented, as well as to the standardised approach. The output floor is to be set to 72.5 per cent of the 
standardised approaches on an aggregate level, meaning that the capital requirement under the floor will be 72.5 per cent 
of the total Pillar 1 risk exposure amount calculated with the standardised approaches for credit, market and operational 
risk. The output floor generally leads to higher capital requirements for banks using IRB approaches, especially for Nordic 
banks. Both the current updates to the CRR and the CRD as well as the Basel IV package could affect the Group’s capital 
relations negatively. 
 
As of 1 January 2018, the international accounting regulation IAS 39, “Financial instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement” was replaced by IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”. Under IFRS 9, banks are required, inter alia, to apply a 
forward-looking approach to impairments by estimating expected credit losses based on each bank’s view of the market. 
Banks may employ statistical methods to calculate loan loss provisions in respect of essentially all credit risk-bearing 
assets, thus also including loans that have not yet defaulted. This approach will lead to an increase in provision amounts, 
which may affect the banks’ capital adequacy ratios. For banks that apply IRB and have a substantial surplus of regulatory 
expected losses to loan loss provisions, the effect on the capital base is limited since the surplus has already been 
subtracted from the capital base today. The EU has provided an optional 5-year phase-in of the effect of IFRS 9 on the 
capital base, with a gradually declining recovery to the capital base. During 2018, 95 per cent, during 2019 85 per cent 
and during 2020 70 per cent of expected impairment losses may be restored to common equity Tier 1 Capital in the capital 
adequacy assessment. 
 
In 2017, the FIN-FSA announced a macro prudential supervisory decision to introduce a 15 per cent risk weight floor for 
home mortgage loans. This minimum level applies to banks that use IRB models in their capital requirement calculations 
for mortgage loans. The requirement went into effect on 1 January 2018. The FIN-FSA announced on 30 September 2020 
that it discontinues the risk weight floor for home mortgage loans and the requirement expires on 1 January 2021. 
 
The FIN-FSA has established buffer requirements related to Pillar 2 capital adequacy regulations totalling 2.25 per cent 
of the Group’s risk exposure amount starting in 30 September 2018. This requirement comprises credit concentration risk 
and interest rate risk in the balance sheet. The requirement must be covered by common equity Tier 1 Capital. Any updates 
to the Pillar 2 capital requirement by the FIN-FSA could affect the Group´s capital position negatively. 
 
On 6 April 2020, the FIN-FSA announced that the board of the FIN-FSA decided to remove the additional capital 
requirement referred to in Chapter 10, Sections 4 and 6a of the Credit Institutions Act, determined on the basis of the 
structural characteristics of the financial system (systemic risk buffer). Previously the additional capital requirement of 
the Issuer was 1.0 per cent. The decision entered into force immediately. The aim of the FIN-FSA’s decision is to mitigate 
the negative effects of the Coronavirus pandemic on the stability of financial markets and on credit institutions’ ability to 
finance the economy. 
 
Resolution Laws 
 
The European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59 entered into force on 2 July 2014 and it was 
implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on Procedure for the Resolution of Credit Institutions 
and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended, the 
“Resolution Act”), the Act on the Financial Stability Authority (laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as 
amended, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Credit Institutions Act (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 2014/610, as 
amended) (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”). The Authority Act deals with the operation and powers of the Finnish 
Financial Stability Authority (the “Stability Authority”), being the national resolution authority having counterparts in 
all EU member states and established for the purposes of the enforcement of the Resolution Act and other regulation 
relating to recovery and resolution of financial institutions. The Banking Reform Package included a legislative resolution 
on a directive amending the BRRD which has to be implemented into national legislation by 28 December 2020. There

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
is no certainty to the regulatory changes and interpretations that the Banking Reform Package will ultimately effect and 
such changes are considered likely to have an effect on the matters summarised in this section (see “Risk Factors”). 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the institutions subject 
to its powers. The resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into 
a resolution process. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the 
BRRD. To be able to use the other resolution tools, the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution 
process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools, including write-down of debts 
or conversion of debts into equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the 
operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by 
reducing the value of the institution’s share capital or cancelling its shares. This is a precondition for any support from 
the resolution fund administered by the Stability Authority. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to address failing 
financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers’ exposure to losses. The regime 
imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, 
authorises the resolution authority to assess the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove 
impediments to resolvability. In the event of a distress of a financial institution, the regime allows competent authorities, 
being in Finland the FIN-FSA, to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to any financial institution 
that the FIN-FSA considers is unlikely to be able to meet the conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or 
infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to require the financial institution to take 
measures referred to in its recovery plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve 
any such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its debts 
as instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, legal or administrative structure. 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial institution 
that the Stability Authority considers as failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any 
measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of resolution measures is necessary to 
protect significant public interest.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its 
requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, 
or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any of its group companies have been classified by the 
FIN-FSA as a systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise significant credit institution 
to the financial system in Finland. 
The measures available in respect of a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: kriisihallinto) 
include the power and obligation on the resolution authority, to write-down or convert capital instruments (shares or other 
equity) in the institution in order to cover losses of the distressed financial institution. The resolution instruments (in 
Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the Stability Authority under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
• 
enforce bail-in - the resolution authority has the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured creditors of 
the distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in 
tool, in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen ja muuntaminen). Such equity could also be subject to any future 
write-down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in 
respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, although in the case of Covered Bonds, this would only be 
the case if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds would exceed the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured; 
• 
enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity instruments) (in Finnish: 
liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
• 
redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution – the Stability Authority may transfer 
all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (in Finnish: väliaikainen laitos) which is 
an entity created for this purpose by the resolution authority); and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
• 
transfer all or part of the assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset management vehicles 
(in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with the intention of maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down. 
The following is a brief summary of the regulation that concerns benchmarks: 
Benchmark Regulation 
The EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent EU, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and it came into force on 1 
January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). EURIBOR has been authorised 
under the Benchmarks Regulation and added to the benchmark register maintained by the ESMA in July 2019.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, the “MCBA”) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not 
purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for 
covered notes. Please also refer to the Risk Factors section on pages 7 to 23 above. 
General 
The MCBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) 
which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset Pool”). The MCBA regulates 
which assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by credit 
institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage credit bank activity (in Finnish: 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer). 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the MCBA and may issue regulations for risk 
management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the 
provisions of the MCBA or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period 
in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set 
period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit bank activity. 
Authorisation 
Mortgage credit bank activity is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered notes on the basis of 
loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), commercial real estate or shares 
in real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil 
certain requirements prescribed in the MCBA in order to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage 
credit bank activity. The credit institution must, among other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments 
for managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool and in issuing covered notes and also prove 
that it intends to engage in mortgage credit bank activity on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the 
appropriate organisational structure and resources into place. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to 
engage in mortgage credit bank activity, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying 
out mortgage credit bank activities are entitled to issue covered notes. 
Register of covered notes 
The MCBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral which forms 
the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative 
contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered 
into the Register form part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool 
and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into on behalf of the 
issuer. All assets entered in the Register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered notes, unless the collateral has 
been entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes. If a Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector or any Substitute 
Collateral (all as defined below) is placed on the Register as collateral for a particular covered note, the Register must 
specify the covered note which this collateral covers. Section 22 of the MCBA requires that the information shall be 
entered in the Register no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered note and information on 
the granting or acquisition of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan or a Substitute Collateral (see Substitute Collateral 
below) which is placed as collateral for the covered notes shall be entered in the Register no later than one day after 
granting or acquiring such collateral. Any changes in such information shall be entered in the Register without delay. A 
Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan shall be removed from the Register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant 
borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the Register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset. A Mortgage 
Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral may also be removed from the Register, if, after its removal, the 
remaining Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral entered in the Register are sufficient to meet 
the requirements prescribed in the MCBA. Accordingly, the Cover Asset Pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may 
supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The information 
in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are permitted 
as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, each as defined 
in the MCBA as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 
16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a 
housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 
1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes 
referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995, as amended); 
or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, S-Bank does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would 
be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
Public-Sector Loans are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or other public-
sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit 
which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a claim on such entity. 
At least 90 per cent of the total amount of collateral shall be Housing Loans or Public-Sector Loans or Substitute Collateral 
unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered note. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set 
out in the MCBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below). 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
A Mortgage Loan entered in the Register as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of the shares, 
housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good 
property evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital 
adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly monitor the value of the 
shares, housing property or commercial real estate entered as collateral for the covered notes and revise the value of the 
collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions issued by the FIN-
FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The MCBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net present value 
of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This is achieved by Section 
16 of the MCBA which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must always exceed the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent 
above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
According to the preparatory works of the MCBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of (a) covered 
notes and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, the total value of the future discounted 
cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time.  
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the MCBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered notes does not exceed 
the average maturity date of the loans entered in the Register. Further, the issuer shall ensure that the total amount of 
interest accrued from the Cover Asset Pool, during any 12-month period, is sufficient to cover the total amount payable 
to the holders of covered notes as interest and to the counterparties of Derivative Transactions as payments under such 
Derivative Transactions.  
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 16 and 17 
of the MCBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) an amount not exceeding 70 per cent of the current value of the shares or housing property placed as 
collateral for any Housing Loan; 
(2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office 
purposes placed as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
(3) the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral. 
Loans that have been entered in the Register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time of review of 
such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included as Cover Asset Pool in 
calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the MCBA may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral, provided that receivables from credit institutions shall 
not exceed 15 per cent (or such larger amount as may be approved by the FIN-FSA on the application of the issuer for a 
specific reason and for a specified period of time), of the total amount of collateral. Substitute Collateral may include: (i) 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit 
institution (other than one belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-
sector entity or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other than 
one belonging to the same “group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (laki 
rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the issuer deposited 
in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging 
to the same consolidated group as the issuer. Substitute Collateral may temporarily be used in situations where (i) 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) 
the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in Section 25 of the 
MCBA nor against an intermediary loan.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a covered 
note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit institution 
nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note shall be paid 
until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds accruing on the Cover 
Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral 
for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the 
Register. 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the MCBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 of the 
Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, as 
amended). 
In respect of each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Asset Pool for a covered note, the priority of payment right in 
accordance with Section 25 is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 per cent in respect of Housing 
Loans and to 60 per cent in respect of Commercial Real Estate Loans of the current value of respective collateral for the 
loan as entered in the Register at the time of commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. 
The bankruptcy administrator shall assign the share of payments out of any Mortgage Loan exceeding the preferential 
right to the general bankruptcy estate. According to the preparatory works of the MCBA, payments deriving from loans 
to be booked as non-performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall, nonetheless, firstly 
be used for payment of covered notes up to their preferential portion. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the MCBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of the 
Derivative Transactions entered in the Register and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the issuer in 
liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan”). These parties have an equal right with 
the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the Register as collateral for the covered notes, 
and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
rank pari passu with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer), transfer collateral entered in 
the Register of covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net present value of the Cover 
Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the MCBA, considerably exceed the total amount of the covered notes and it 
is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When an issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority (laki 
finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and creditor entities 
comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the 
management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to 
be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge 
of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise 
the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 26 of the MCBA, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions necessary 
for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient 
amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual 
arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register. Correspondingly, a 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 26 of the MCBA and each bank account into which any such funds are 
deposited shall be entered in the Register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered note and the 
corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit institution that has acquired a licence to 
issue covered notes or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
MCBA unless the terms of the covered note provide otherwise. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the 
covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.  
Covered Bonds Directive 
 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “CBD”). The CBD came into effect on 7 January 2020 and it 
has to be implemented in national regulation by 8 July 2021 and the implementing regulations shall be applied, at the 
latest, from 8 July 2022. The CBD establishes an amended common framework for the issue of covered bonds for EU 
regulatory purposes. However, the member states have considerable discretion in implementing the CBD through national 
laws. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is considered likely that the CBD requires significant amendments to the 
provisions of the MCBA and, accordingly, to the features described in this section (see “Risk Factors”).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Cover Asset Pool comprises only of Housing Loans and Substitute Collateral within the 
limits set by the MCBA (as summarised under “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”) and the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will substitute assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the Cover 
Asset Pool in accordance with the requirements of the MCBA and such terms and conditions and supplement the Cover 
Asset Pool with new Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in 
the Cover Asset Pool being repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets. The Issuer continuously monitors 
that the current value of the Cover Asset Pool exceeds the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered 
Bonds by at least two per cent. In addition, the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the value and the quality of the Cover 
Asset Pool by regular stress tests. 
 
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the Cover Asset Pool and the policies for granting loans 
are summarised below. 
 
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool 
 
All Housing Loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with the 
applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
• 
verifying the identity of the borrower; 
• 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity; 
• 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability; 
• 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and 
• 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register. 
The Issuer identifies the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool according to criteria set by 
the MCBA and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include but are not limited to the following: 
• 
the borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
• 
the principal amount of the Housing Loan must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the 
Housing Loan, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower; and 
• 
the Housing Loan must be secured by eligible assets located in Finland and must be denominated in euro. 
The Issuer does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
 
All of the abovementioned origination criteria for the Housing Loans, including the applicable lending criteria, and for 
the Cover Asset Pool have been set out as of the date of this Base Prospectus and might change over time. The composition 
and characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool will change over time. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the 
Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the MCBA and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool 
on its website at https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors on a quarterly basis in connection with the issuance of its financial 
statements and interim financial statements.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions  
 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against risks relating 
to Covered Bonds and/or a Series of Covered Bonds or the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Such Derivative Transactions 
will be entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool that carry floating rates of interest covering the relevant Covered 
Bonds that carry a fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may also enter into one or more interest rate 
swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Pool 
that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a floating rate payment obligation for the 
Issuer.  
 
Documentation  
 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap counterparty will 
be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be subject to an agreement 
between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
(each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of 
Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative 
Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) occurs.  
 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty may be 
liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Transaction(s). 
  
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described in this 
section “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”.  
 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer  
 
Under the MCBA, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool 
shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms notwithstanding a bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the Derivative Transaction. Counterparties to such Derivative 
Transactions (along with holders of the Covered Bonds and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) are given a 
statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Accordingly, such 
counterparties (and holders of the Covered Bonds and providers of liquidity loans) have the statutory right to receive 
payment from the assets in the Cover Asset Pool before all other holders of claims and this right remains for so long as 
the Covered Bonds remain outstanding.  
 
Under the MCBA, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled 
to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative Transaction and security to a third party if it is deemed 
to be in the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
INFORMATION ON S-BANK  
Overview 
 
S-Bank Plc was established on 1 May 2007 in Helsinki. The corporate form of the Issuer was changed from a limited 
liability company to a public limited company on 19 November 2020. The Issuer’s registration number in the Finnish 
Patent and Registration Office is 2557308-3 and its domicile is in Helsinki and therefore, Finnish legislation applies to 
the Issuer. The Issuer’s accounting period is one calendar year. The Issuer’s registered address is Fleminginkatu 34, 00510 
Helsinki, Finland and its telephone number is +358 010768011. The Issuer’s legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 
743700FTBNXAUN57RH30. According to Article 2 of its articles of association, the Issuer engages in business 
operations of a deposit bank as set out in the Credit Institutions Act. In addition, the Issuer provides investment services 
as defined in Chapter 1 Section 15 of the Finnish Act on Investment Services (sijoituspalvelulaki 747/2012, as amended).  
 
S-Bank is a Finnish bank that provides its customers with banking and wealth management services. S-Bank is connected 
to the S Group, a Finnish retailing cooperative organisation, and the bank was established on the basis of strong co-
operative values (see section “Additional information on S Group”). At the end of the six-month period ended on 30 June 
2020, the Group employed a total of 658 people (30 June 2019: 620). Of this number, 525 (30 June 2019: 498) worked 
for S-Bank Plc, 29 (30 June 2019: 26) for FIM Asset Management Ltd, 16 (30 June 2019: 12) for FIM Private Equity 
Funds Ltd and 88 (30 June 2019: 84) for S-Asiakaspalvelu Ltd. The salaries and remunerations paid to personnel at the 
Group totalled EUR 15.8 million (30 June 2019: 18.5 million). 
 
The FIN-FSA supervises the Issuer’s activities in accordance with Finnish law. As regards the supervision of the Issuer, 
the SSM (as defined in the “Risk Factors”) commenced its operations in November 2014. The SSM is a system of financial 
supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. Pursuant to the 
Credit Institutions Act and Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer is currently classified as a less significant 
credit institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Issuer under the SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. 
However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions directly to 
ensure that high supervisory standards are applied consistently. The Issuer’s existing authorisation as a credit institution 
has been extended to include mortgage credit bank activity in accordance with Section 10 of the MCBA.  
 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
S-Bank began its operations in October 2007. The bank was founded by S Group, a customer-owned Finnish network of 
companies in the retail and service sectors, with more than 1,800 outlets in Finland.  
 
The business was launched by converting the savings of S Group’s customer-owners into bank deposits. In its first full 
year in 2008, S-Bank introduced payment cards and consumer credit to its customers.  
 
In 2009, S-Bank signed an agreement, according to which Citibank International PLC’s credit portfolio designed for 
private customers would be transferred to S-Bank. As a result, S-Bank’s consumer credit business received a boost in 
2010. In 2013, S-Bank acquired a majority stake in FIM, an independent asset manager, and started to expand into mutual 
funds and other wealth management services operations.  
 
In 2014, S-Bank and LocalTapiola Bank Plc merged. After the merger, the ownership of S-Bank has been divided between 
S Group (75%), LocalTapiola (23.5%) and Elo (1.5%) (see “Share Capital and Ownership”). Between 2014–2017, S-
Bank invested in integration and developed digital services such as the “S-mobiili” mobile application (“S-mobiili”) that 
currently serves approximately one million customers in their daily banking needs.  
 
In 2017, the Group’s SME and agriculture business was divested to Oma Saving Bank Plc and the Group’s focus was 
shifted to the core retail business and improving the efficiency of the business.  
 
S-Bank became a leading player in impact investing in the Nordic region according to the management’s view after FIM 
Private Equity Funds Ltd acquired the entire share capital of FIM Impact Investments Ltd (formerly Epiqus Oy) in January 
2019. 
 
The decision to expand S-Bank’s operations into mortgage credit bank activity was made in late 2019, and in 2020 the 
bank obtained a mortgage banking license from the FIN-FSA. In 2020, S-Bank also acquired a credit rating from S&P. 
S&P assigned the Group a BBB rating for long-term funding and A-2 for short-term funding.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
S-Bank’s Wealth Management business expanded and became a leading provider of real estate investment services in 
Finland in 2020 according to the management’s view when S-Bank acquired the operations of Fennia Asset Management 
Ltd and Fennia Properties Ltd. The transaction was completed on 31 July 2020. 
 
Description of operations 
 
General 
 
The Group focuses on offering products and services in Finland to household customers, while also offering targeted 
services to corporations. S-Bank serves its customers at customer service points situated in the S Group’s business 
locations and also through its telephone service, online bank, S-mobiili and various social media channels. S-Bankers 
serve customers, mainly in matters related to housing loans, in 10 towns and cities, while FIM’s private bankers offer 
their services in four cities. 
 
The regional cooperatives of the S Group act as S-Bank’s agents, offering its banking services at their business locations. 
S-Bank’s services are primarily targeted to the members of the co-operative, each one of whom becomes an S-Bank 
customer upon joining one of the regional cooperatives. Altogether, S-Bank has approximately 3 million retail customers, 
representing the majority of the Finnish population. The customers who are members of the co-operatives receive selected 
daily banking services free-of-charge, while S-Bank aims to maintain prices of other services at a reasonable level with 
publicly available price lists. Cash benefits paid to members of the co-operative, such as bonuses earned from monthly 
spend in S Group shops and services, are paid into each member’s account in S-Bank.  
 
S-Bank’s subsidiary FIM Asset Management Ltd provides the fund and wealth management services of the Group. S-
Bank became a leading player in impact investing in the Nordic region according to the management’s view after FIM 
Private Equity Funds Ltd acquired the entire share capital of FIM Impact Investments Ltd (formerly Epiqus Oy) in January 
2019.  
 
S-Bank’s earnings model is mainly based on accepting customer deposits, granting loans and engaging in investment 
activities. Net interest income, the bank’s largest source of income, is the difference between interest income received 
and interest expenses paid. Interest income is mainly earned from credits and loans granted to customers. The amount of 
interest expenses depends on the interest paid on deposits and the interest paid on funds obtained from other funding 
sources.  
 
S-Bank’s second largest source of income is net fee and commission income, i.e. the difference between fee & 
commission income and fee & commission expenses. Commissions and fees are derived from lending-related services, 
payment transactions, card-related services and asset management, among others. Expenses include returns of 
management fees charged to the funds and service fees paid to service providers on card payments. In the banking 
business, the amount of net fee and commission income is dependent on the degree and extent of the use of banking 
services. In the wealth management business, net fee and commission income is mainly dependent on the amount of assets 
under management and how it is distributed between different products. The amount of these assets is influenced by net 
sales and the general performance of the securities markets and how well the Group’s investment products perform against 
the market. Since the management fees for investment funds are calculated as percentages of the funds’ net asset value, 
market performance is directly reflected in the amount of fees received. 
 
Operating expenses mainly consist of personnel expenses, IT expenses and other administrative expenses, including 
agency fees paid to the cooperative societies. In addition, as customer’s insolvency risks increase, the bank records credit 
loss provisions and, in the event of insolvency, the bank records credit losses. 
 
For business operations to be profitable the bank must manage its balance sheet, risks and expenses effectively. The 
bank’s duty is to ensure sufficient capital adequacy and liquidity under all conditions. The Group’s business is subject to 
a licence, widely regulated and supervised by the authorities. 
 
The operations of S-Bank are regulated by the European Union’s regulations, national legislation and regulations issued 
by the authorities. The Credit Institutions Act, the Limited Liability Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as 
amended). In addition, S-Bank complies with standards of good banking practice as well as legislation and the Group’s 
corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines, and its articles of association. 
 
Business overview 
 
The operating segments of the Group are Banking and Wealth Management.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
Banking 
 
Banking is responsible for providing and developing the household and corporate customer banking services of the Group. 
The products and services offered by the business include those for daily banking and financing. Banking also includes 
the Group treasury.  
 
Customer segments  
 
S-Bank’s Banking segment focuses on providing products and services to retail customers, while also providing targeted 
services to corporations. S-Bank provides its products and services to its customers via digital service channels, telephone 
service, and customer service points located in the S Group’s business locations. In retail banking, S-Bank emphasises 
digital services and channels. S-Bank provides modern and user-friendly digital services for its customers to carry out 
daily banking activities. S-Bank provides features to easily manage accounts, payments, cards, funds, and loans anywhere 
and anytime, utilising S-Bank’s online bank and S-mobiili.  
 
Accounts and payments 
 
S-Bank provides banking accounts and payment services for approximately 3 million retail customers and for corporate 
customers on a selective basis. S-Bank provides its retail and corporate customers current accounts, savings accounts and 
investment accounts. S-Bank also provides ASP-accounts for its retail customers. The vast majority of S-Bank’s total 
deposits are held at retail customers’ current and savings accounts and they form the core funding source of S-Bank’s 
lending and investing activities. Monthly bonus payments from S Group bonus program are also paid exclusively to S-
Bank’s retail customers’ current accounts.  
 
S-Bank offers user-friendly digital platforms (online bank and S-mobiili) for its customers to execute payment 
transactions by themselves. Customers are also serviced by bank service desks where customers are offered payment and 
cash services. S-Bank’s payment services include e-invoicing, direct payment services and domestic and cross border 
transfers. For corporate customers S-Bank offers corporate accounts with tailored payment services. 
 
Card business 
 
S-Bank provides payment card services to all S Group’s customer-owners with an address inside the EU/EEA. S-Bank’s 
debit and/or credit account and payment features are attached to more than 2.5 million S Group customer-owners’ bonus 
cards (S-Etukortti-Visa) including almost 550,000 cards with a credit account and payment features attached. S-Bank acts 
as an issuer of Visa cards. S-Bank acts as an acquiring bank of Visa transactions in S Group payment transactions. 
 
S-Bank payment cards enable chip & pin and contactless payments in stores, online payments, withdrawal of cash in 
Finland and abroad, and S Group bonus card reward features. S-Bank payment cards also enable withdrawal of cash in S 
Group grocery store counters and service desks. When paying in, among others, S Group’s grocery stores, restaurants and 
hotels, customer-owners gain an extra bonus on their S Group bonus cash backs by paying with S-Etukortti-Visa payment 
cards. S-Bank has integrated micro saving and card purchases. S-Bank offers an application called “Säästäjä” that enables 
customers to set a fixed amount of money that will be automatically transferred from customers’ deposits to their funds 
at each card purchase. 
 
Loans and credit 
 
S-Bank offers a comprehensive range of loan and credit products and services for varying needs of its retail customers. 
S-Bank’s main focus is on retail customer loans, but it also selectively grants corporate loans. For retail customers S-
Bank provides, among other, mortgage loans, renovation loans, car loans, secured investment loans, student loans, credit 
card loans and other secured and unsecured consumer loans for different needs of customer lifecycle. With the exception 
of credit cards, unsecured consumer loans and student loans, household portfolio is for the most part secured by residential 
immovable property collateral. The residential properties used as collateral are located in Finland. The geographical 
distribution is in-line with S-Bank’s Credit Risk Strategy. Three quarters of the portfolio is situated in Helsinki 
metropolitan region and other similar vibrant residential areas. Cooperation partners of S-Bank provide retail loan 
customers with certain insurances. In corporate lending, S-Bank is focused on secured housing association loans. The 
collateral portfolio for housing association loans consists mainly of residential properties in Helsinki metropolitan region 
and other similar vibrant residential areas.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Treasury 
 
The Treasury unit is responsible for managing liquidity and interest rate risk and the Treasury acts as the Group’s internal 
bank and internal hedging counterparty for business operations. The Treasury is also responsible for long term funding 
operations and managing the Group’s liquidity and investment portfolio. The Treasury’s strategic goals are set in the 
Group’s risk strategy and risk appetite, then integrated into Treasury’s annual investment plan. 
 
Wealth Management  
 
Wealth Management is responsible for producing the Group’s asset management services, customer relationships and 
business development. The business offers saving and investing services to household customers under the S-Bank brand. 
Under the FIM brand, the bank offers private banking services, as well as services for institutional investors. 
 
Customer segments 
 
Key customer segments of Wealth Management are retail customers, Private Banking customers, and institutional 
investors. Wealth management services are provided under two brands, S-Bank and FIM. The S-Bank brand is used in 
services for retail customers, while the FIM brand is used in services for Private Banking and institutional investors. 
Additional distribution outside the key segments is done via external distributors in Finland and abroad. 
 
Retail customers include private persons who are served primarily through digital channels complemented with traditional 
sales and customer service activities. Private Banking customers include wealthy individuals and families, including legal 
entities related to the customers’ investing activities. Private Banking operates with an advisor-based omnichannel model 
and is characterised by a high level of customer service and wide service offering. Private Banking customers are served 
through offices in Helsinki, Turku, Tampere and Oulu. Institutional investors include pension funds, non-profit 
organisations, large corporations, and other large professional investors, and are serviced by a specialist team based in 
Helsinki. 
 
Investment products and services 
 
Wealth Management provides a comprehensive range of equity, fixed income, and alternative investment funds and 
products to all customer segments. Open-ended funds include UCITS and non-UCITS funds in a wide range of equity 
and fixed income markets. Furthermore, open-ended funds include a wide range of real estate funds. S-Bank pays special 
attention to ESG in all investment funds, including passive and real estate funds. 
 
The fund offering is complemented with closed-end investment products with a focus on real estate investment. Closed-
end products are targeted to Private Banking customers and institutional investors. Together with open-end and closed-
end products, Wealth Management offers a comprehensive portfolio of real estate related investment solutions to cater 
all key customer segments. 
 
S-Bank’s “Säästäjä”- application is a service that enables customers to manage their funds and money transfers between 
their deposits and funds. Säästäjä includes features that enable micro saving, for example, the customers can define that 
their bonuses and a fixed amount of their deposits at each card purchase are automatically directed into funds.  
 
Discretionary asset management services are offered to Private Banking customers, institutional investors, and selected 
external distributors. Discretionary asset management is a service where the asset manager makes investment decisions 
based on investment strategy agreed with the customer. Wealth planning services are offered to high net worth Private 
Banking customers to complement discretionary asset management services with tax, real estate, and legal related 
planning.  
 
According to the management’s view, S-Bank is a market leader of social impact funds in Finland. In a social impact 
funds, there are several parties involved. S-Bank acts as the administrator, the external commissioner defines payable 
outcomes and pays for achieved outcomes and investors fund services that promote well-being and assume the risks 
associated with the provision of these services. Repayment to investors is contingent upon specified outcomes being 
achieved. Social impact bonds are mainly offered to institutional investors. 
 
Structured products are savings or investment products where the return is linked to an underlying asset with pre-defined 
features. Structured products are mainly offered to Private Banking customers.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Investment-linked insurance products are provided to Private Banking customers in partnership with several life insurance 
companies. 
 
Fund administration services are provided to LocalTapiola Asset Management Ltd. 
 
Fennia Properties Ltd provides property portfolio management, property development and administration of real estate 
joint ventures to institutional customers. These services are not regulated by the FIN-FSA. 
 
Organisational structure 
 
The following group chart presents the Group’s structure at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
The Issuer’s consolidated result is dependent on the results of each member of the Group. The result of the Issuer is not 
dependent upon any other entity within the S Group. 
 
FIM Asset Management Ltd manages the investment funds of S-Bank, FIM and LocalTapiola and provides portfolio 
management services for the entire Group. The Issuer owns 100 per cent of FIM Asset Management Ltd’s share capital. 
In the financial year 2019, the operating profit of FIM Asset Management Ltd amounted to EUR 2.6 million (2018: -0.2 
million). 
 
FIM Private Equity Funds Ltd is an alternative fund manager pursuant to the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Funds 
Managers (laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista 162/2014, as amended), providing the Group with portfolio management 
services for private equity funds. Additionally, FIM Private Equity Funds Ltd is the portfolio manager for the real estate 
and forest funds managed by FIM Asset Management Ltd. The Issuer owns 100 per cent of FIM Private Equity Funds 
Ltd’s share capital. In the financial year 2019, the operating profit of FIM Private Equity Funds Ltd amounted to EUR 
0.3 million (2018: -0.2 million). 
 
FIM Real Estate Ltd is the general partner in the Group’s real estate funds. In December 2019, FIM Private Equity Funds 
Ltd acquired the remaining shares in FIM Real Estate Ltd and now owns 100 per cent (formerly 80 per cent) of the 
company. In the financial year 2019, the operating profit of FIM Real Estate Ltd amounted to EUR 1.7 million (2018: 1.2 
million). 
 
FIM Impact Investing Ltd (formerly Epiqus Oy) was acquired in January 2019 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FIM 
Private Equity Funds Ltd. The company offers impact investment services and manages two impact investment funds and 
is their general partner. FIM Impact Investing Ltd’s operating profit for the financial year 2019 was EUR 0.1 million.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
FIM Infrastructure Mezzanine Debt Fund GP Ltd, FIM Private Debt Fund I GP Ltd and FIM SIB Ltd act as general 
partners in funds managed by FIM Private Equity Funds Ltd. The companies do not have any other business operations, 
and are fully owned by FIM Private Equity Funds Ltd. 
 
S-Asiakaspalvelu Ltd is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. It provides data processing and other services related to 
a credit institution’s core operations, in its capacity as a service company as provided for by the Credit Institutions Act. 
During the financial year 2019, S-Asiakaspalvelu Ltd’s revenue totalled EUR 5.1 million (2018: 5.7 million), of which 
intra-group revenue accounted for EUR 3.6 million (2018: 4.2 million). The remaining revenue derived from telephone 
services offered to the cooperatives for the benefit of members of the co-operative. Its expenses mostly consist of 
personnel expenses. In the financial year 2019, S-Asiakaspalvelu Ltd’s operating profit was EUR 0.8 million (2018: 0.2 
million). 
 
Fennia Asset Management Ltd is an alternative fund manager pursuant to the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment 
Funds Managers (laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista 162/2014, as amended) that the Issuer acquired from Fennia Mutual 
Insurance Company in August 2020. It manages alternative investment funds and provides asset management services to 
corporations, entrepreneurs, institutions and retail customers. Its business is provided as part of the Group’s Wealth 
Management -operating segment. Fennia Asset Management Ltd was acquired on 31 July 2020 and will be consolidated 
into the Group’s consolidated financial statement from 1 August 2020.  
 
Fennia Properties Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fennia Asset Management Ltd. It specialises in property portfolio 
management, property development and administration of joint ventures in the field real estate. Fennia Properties Ltd was 
acquired on 31 July 2020 and will be consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial statement from 1 August 2020. 
  
Growth strategy 
 
Position and sources of growth 
 
According to the management’s view, the Group has a unique position in the Finnish market with clearly differentiated 
customer benefits to members of the co-operative consisting of, among others, selected daily banking services free-of-
charge, access to S Group rewards, easy-to-use mobile app shared with S Group retailers (for example store locations and 
discount coupons), a unique distribution model with a local presence across Finland, and a leading brand in fairness and 
sustainability. The Group has been successful in attracting more business from its customers and increasing its market 
share in the past years, for example, in mortgage lending.  
 
The Group’s growth in the retail segment is driven by the increasing use of daily services, as well as the sale of additional 
banking and wealth management products and services to the Group’s existing base of approximately 3 million retail 
customers. This is enabled by efficient, data-driven sales and marketing, coupled with frequent access to retail customers 
via various physical and digital touchpoints within the S Group. 
 
Additional business growth and diversification are sought by expanding the Group’s Wealth Management business in 
Private Banking and institutional segments, with emphasis on ESG and real estate investment services. Non-core 
businesses (for example, SME banking and capital markets services) have been divested or discontinued in order to focus 
on developing the core offering. The Group’s organisation has remained moderately sized and easy to manage. 
 
The Group has accelerated its growth and strengthened its offering through mergers and acquisitions. As a recent example, 
S-Bank gained a strong position in Finnish real estate investment services by acquiring Fennia Asset Management Ltd 
and Fennia Properties Ltd from Fennia Mutual Insurance Company. The combination of acquired asset management 
business and the Group’s existing housing and forest property funds allows extensive coverage of customers’ property 
investment needs in all segments, along with operational synergies. 
 
Path forward 
 
The Group aims to maintain and strengthen its competitive advantages in order to sustain clearly above-market growth 
rates, utilising the potential of its large customer base. This will require continuously adapting to changing customer 
expectations and competitive pressures across the business. In particular, the Group will continue developing its customer 
service model, including both digital services and physical distribution, increasing sustainability and ESG related 
activities, and ensuring a favorable price position in the retail offering. The management expects continuous growth, 
together with investments in system and process capacity and efficiency, to enable material scale benefits and profitability 
increase in the future.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
In 2020, there has been an exceptional level of uncertainty in the operating environment across geographies and industries, 
including the banking and wealth management sectors in Finland. The Group has adapted its operation accordingly, and 
practices such as scenario-based planning and agile development are used in order to respond quickly to any unpredictable 
changes in the environment or internal performance. The Group’s competitive advantages are robust, providing a basis 
for sustained market share growth in a wide range of conditions, and the Group is well positioned to take advantage of 
any positive developments in the market.  
 
Additional information on S Group 
 
S Group is a customer-owned Finnish network of companies in the retail and service sectors, with more than 1,800 outlets 
in Finland. In 2019, S Group had 40,700 employees, a total revenue in the amount of EUR 11.7 billion and an operating 
profit in the amount of EUR 409 million. In 2019, S Group had 46.2% market share in the Finnish grocery trade making 
it the clear market leader, followed by K Group with its 36.5% market share1. S Group consists of cooperatives and 
Suomen Osuuskauppojen Keskuskunta (“SOK”) with its subsidiaries, which engage in the travel and hospitality business 
in Finland, Estonia and Russia, among other operations. 
 
S Group’s offering focuses on grocery trade, department store and speciality store trade, service station store and fuel 
sales, travel and hospitality business and hardware trade. Some of the cooperatives have car dealerships and agricultural 
outlets in their regions.  
 
S Group consists of 19 independent regional cooperatives and SOK, which is owned by the cooperatives. Their owners 
are also their customers, or members of the co-operative. In addition, S Group includes six local cooperatives. S Group’s 
network extends throughout Finland, with a strong regional focus. Cooperatives are enterprises operating in accordance 
with the principles of cooperative activities. 
 
SOK, which is owned by the cooperatives, serves as the central company for the cooperatives and provides them with 
procurement, expert and support services. SOK is also responsible for the strategic guidance of S Group and the 
development of the various chains. SOK’s business operations supplement S Group’s offering in Finland and the 
neighbouring regions. 
 
Management of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer’s highest decision-making authority rests with the annual general meeting (the “General Meeting”). The 
operational decision-making authority is exercised by the board of directors (the “Board of Directors”) which is formed 
by election in the General Meeting. 
 
The activities of the Issuer comply with the provisions of current legislation, including but not limited to the Finnish 
Limited Liability Companies Act. In addition, the Issuer complies with orders issued by the authorities, good banking 
practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, as well as the Group’s corporate 
governance policies and other internal guidelines, and its articles of association. The Issuer will, from the date on which 
it submits its first application to list any Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, comply also with the rules, including the 
insider guidelines, issued by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the appropriate and reliable organisation of the governance and operations of 
the Issuer. The Board of Directors has general competence to decide on all matters related to the Issuer’s management 
and other issues, which, according to legislation or to the Issuer’s articles of association, are not the domain of the General 
Meeting, or the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The Board of Directors decides on the Issuer’s strategy and main business 
objectives and also confirms the management structure and policies. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chairman, Vice Chairman and members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
are: 
 
 
 
1 https://www.pty.fi/julkaisut/tilastot/

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Elected to the Board of Directors 
Jari Annala 
Chairman 
2007 
Matti Kiviniemi 
Vice Chairman 
2020 
Jorma Vehviläinen 
Member 
2020 
Erik Valros 
Member 
2019 
Heli Arantola 
Member 
2014 
Olli Vormisto 
Member 
2017 
Veli-Matti Liimatainen 
Member 
2018 
 
Jari Annala (born 1964) has been a Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2007 and a member of the Board of 
Directors since 2014. Mr. Annala has been a Chair of the Issuer’s Risk and Audit Committee since 2014 and a Chair of 
the Issuer’s Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 2014. He also serves as a Chair of the Board of Directors at 
Sokotel Oy, SOK Retail Int. Oy and SOK Real Estate Int. Oy, and as a member of the Board of Directors at Suomen 
Luotto-Osuuskunta. In addition, Mr. Annala acts as a member of the supervisory board of LocalTapiola Mutual Life 
Insurance Company. Mr. Annala has served as a Business Area Director at SOK since 2019. In 2011-2018, he has served 
as a CFO and a member of the management group at SOK. Previously he has held several positions in the finance 
department of SOK. Mr. Annala is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
 
Matti Kiviniemi (born 1966) has been a Deputy Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020 and a member of Risk 
and Audit Committee since 2020. Mr. Kiviniemi has served as a Head of Corporate Lending at LocalTapiola Group since 
2014. He also acts as a Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors at LocalTapiola Finance Ltd and as a member of the Board 
of Directors Lähirahoitus Oy and Fundu Platform Oy. Previously, Mr. Kiviniemi has served as a Local Head of Regional 
and Local Business, Eastern Finland at Danske Bank in 2013-2014. He acted as Local Head of Regional Business, Eastern 
Finland in 2012-2013 and Head of Corporate Business, Eastern Finland in 2007-2012 at Sampo Pankki Oyj. In 1999-
2001 Mr. Kiviniemi acted as Director of Corporate Finance at Leonia Pankki Oyj. Before that he has performed various 
duties in export industry. Mr. Kiviniemi is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science, Engineering and Management.  
 
Jorma Vehviläinen (born 1967) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020 and a member of Risk 
and Audit Committee since 2020. Mr. Vehviläinen has served as a CFO at SOK since 2019. Mr. Vehviläinen serves also 
as a Chair of the Board of Directors of Gigawatti Oy, S-Voima Oy, Reila Palvelut Oy, Kauppakeskus Mylly Oy, S-
Business Oy, S-ryhmän logistiikkakeskukset Oy. In addition, he acts as a member of the supervisory board of Varma 
Mutual Pension Insurance Company, As Prisma Peremarket and As Sokotel. Mr. Vehviläinen acts as a member of the 
Board of Directors at Sokotel Oy, SOK Retail Int. Oy, SOK Real Estate Int. Oy and North European Oil Trade Oy. 
Previously, Mr. Vehviläinen has served as a Director at SOK and CEO at SOK Liiketoiminta Oy in 2013-2018, 
Osuuskauppa Maakunta in 2011-2013, Inex Partners and Intrade Partners Oy in 2007-2011. In 2005-2007, Mr. 
Vehviläinen acted as a CFO at Inex Partners Oy. Previously, Mr. Vehviläinen served at SOK as a Finance Manager in 
1993-1997 and a Cash Manager in 1993-1997. Mr. Vehviläinen is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in 
Economics.  
 
Erik Valros (born 1973) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2019. Mr. Valros has served as a 
CEO at LähiTapiola Uusimaa Keskinäinen Vakuutusyhtiö since 2012 and acts as a Chair of the Board of Directors’ at 
Kiinteistö Oy Porvoon Keskustalo and Kiinteistö Oy Nikkilän Kauppakeskus. Previously, he has acted as a CEO at 
Lähivakuutus Uusimaa in 2009-2012, Aktia Bank Abp as a Bank Director in 2001-2009 and Sampo Pankki Oyj as a Sales 
Director in 1999-2001. Mr. Valros is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in Economics.  
 
Heli Arantola (born 1969) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2014 and a member of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 2014. Ms. Arantola is the CEO of Leipurin Plc and serves as a member 
of the Board of Directors at Tobii AB, Midsona AB and HRM Partners Ltd. Previously, Ms. Arantola has served as a 
Director and a member of management group in HKScan Corporation in 2017-2019, CEO at Fazer Mills and SVP at 
Strategy and renewal at Fazer Group In 2012-2016. She has also acted as a Director of Marketing and Brands at Fazer 
Group in 2010-2012 and Partner and Consultant at Vectia Oy in 2000-2010. Additionally, Ms. Arantola has performed 
development and marketing related duties at Sonera Oyj in 1990-1999. Ms. Arantola is a Finnish citizen and holds a 
Doctor of Science in Economic Sciences.  
 
Olli Vormisto (born 1967) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2017 and a member of the 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 2018. He also serves as a Chair of the Board of Directors at Osuuskauppa 
Hämeenmaa and Piklas Oy and a member of the Board of Directors at SOK and Lahden Teollisuusseura ry. Mr. Vormisto 
also acts as a member of the supervisory board at Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Deputy Chair of the Board 
of Directors at Hämeen kauppakamari ry. Mr. Vormisto has served as a CEO at Osuuskauppa Hämeenmaa since 2014. 
Previously, Mr. Vormisto served as a CEO at Etelä-Karjalan osuuskauppa in 2012-2014. He acted as a Business Area

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Manager in 2003-2012 and CFO in 2001-2003 at Osuuskauppa Hämeenmaa. Mr. Vormisto acted as an Administration 
Manager in 2000-2001 and Controller in 1999-2000 at SOK. Previously he worked at Oy Sokos Ab as Finance Manager 
in 1999 and Operational Calculations’ Chief in 1998-1999. Mr. Vormisto is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of 
Science in Economics.  
 
Veli-Matti Liimatainen (born 1969) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2018. Mr. Liimatainen 
has served as a CEO at Helsingin Osuuskauppa Elanto since 2018 and a Deputy CEO in 2012-2017. Mr. Liimatainen also 
serves as a Chair of the Board of Directors at Helsingin Osuuskauppa Elanto and Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors 
at HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta Oy. He also serves as a member of the supervisory board at LähiTapiola Pääkaupunkiseutu 
Keskinäinen Vakuutusyhtiö and member of delegation in Keskuskauppakamari ry. Mr. Liimatainen acts as a member of 
the Board of Directors at Suomen Osuuskauppojen Keskuskunta, S-ryhmän Logistiikkakiinteistöt Oy, S-Business Oy, S-
Voima Oy and Helsingin Seudun kauppakamari - Helsingforsregionens handelskammare ry. In 2005-2011, he has acted 
as a Business Area Manager at HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta Oy. Previously, Mr. Liimatainen served as a Chain Director at 
HOK-Elanto Liiketoiminta Oy and HOK Liiketoiminta Oy in 1997-2005. Mr. Liimatainen is a Finnish citizen and holds 
a Master of Science in Economics.  
 
The business address of each of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Issuer is Fleminginkatu 34, FI-
00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is assisted in its work by the Risk and Audit Committee and the Remuneration & 
Nomination Committee, neither of which have independent decision-making power. Both committees are composed of 
members of the Board of Directors. 
 
Risk and Audit Committee of the Issuer  
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has appointed a Risk and Audit Committee among the Board of Directors. The Risk 
and Audit Committee reports regularly on its work to the Board of Directors. 
 
The Risk and Audit Committee’s duty is to supervise the financial reporting executed by the management, and to monitor 
the financial statement and interim reporting process. 
 
Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has appointed a Remuneration and Nomination Committee among the Board of 
Directors. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee reports regularly on its work to the Board of Directors. 
 
CEO of the Issuer 
 
The Board of Directors appoints the CEO of the Issuer. The duty of the CEO is to administer the Issuer’s day-to-day 
administration in accordance with the rules and regulations set by the Board of Directors. 
 
The Issuer’s CEO is Pekka Ylihurula and Deputy CEO is Aki Gynther. 
 
The business address of the CEO and Deputy CEO is Fleminginkatu 34, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
 
Management Group of the Issuer 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Management Group of S-Bank are the following: 
 
Name 
Position 
Appointed 
Pekka Ylihurula 
Chief Executive Officer 
2007 
Aki Gynther 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Director, Banking Business Operations 
2016 
Erkka Viljakainen 
Director, Digital Services, Marketing and Communications 
2016 
Hanna Porkka 
Director, Asset Management 
2018 
Iikka Kuosa 
Director, Strategy, Development, IT 
2019 
Merja Reinilä 
Director, Human Resources 
2014 
Jussi Sokka 
Director, Legal 
2014 
Mika Heikkilä 
Chief Financial Officer 
2017 
Petri Viertiö 
Director, Compliance and Risk Management 
2019

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Pekka Ylihurula (born 1969) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2007. He has served as the 
Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer since 2007. Mr. Ylihurula is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Business 
Administration and a Bachelor of Business Administration. 
 
Aki Gynther (born 1977) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2007. He has served as the 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer since 2016 and as Director of the Banking Business Operations of the Issuer 
since 2017. Mr. Gynther is a Finnish citizen and holds a Bachelor of Administrative Sciences. 
 
Erkka Viljakainen (born 1969) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2014. He has served as 
Director of Digital Services, Marketing and Communications of the Issuer since 2016. Mr. Viljakainen is a Finnish citizen 
and holds a Bachelor of Sciences in Business Administration, Marketing. 
 
Hanna Porkka (born 1970) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2018. She has served as 
Director of Asset Management of the Issuer and FIM since 2018. Ms. Porkka is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of 
Science in Economics and a CEFA. 
 
Iikka Kuosa (born 1976) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2011. He has served as Director 
of Strategy, Development and IT of the Issuer since 2019. Mr. Kuosa is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science 
in Economics. 
 
Merja Reinilä (born 1977) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2016. She has served as 
Director of Human Resources of the Issuer since 2014. Ms. Reinilä is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in 
Economics. 
 
Jussi Sokka (born 1972) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2014. He has served as Director 
of Legal of the Issuer since 2014. Mr. Sokka is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Laws. 
 
Mika Heikkilä (born 1961) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2017. He has served as the 
Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer since 2017. Mr. Heikkilä is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of Science in 
Economics. 
 
Petri Viertiö (born 1962) has been a member of the Management Group of S-Bank since 2019. He has served as Director 
of Compliance and Risk Management of the Issuer since 2019. Mr. Viertiö is a Finnish citizen and holds a Master of 
Science in Technology. 
 
Conflicts of Interests 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors, the CEO and the 
Deputy CEO to S-Bank and their other duties and private interests. 
 
Auditors  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019, 31 December 2018, 
31 December 2017, 31 December 2016 and 31 December 2015 incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference have 
been audited by Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab, with Marcus Tötterman, Authorised Public Accountant, 
as the auditor with principal responsibility. The business address of the Issuer’s auditor is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, 00100 
Helsinki. Marcus Tötterman is registered in the auditor register in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 of the Finnish 
Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
 
Material Contracts 
 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in S-Bank being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to 
Noteholders. 
 
Legal Proceedings 
 
As a regulated entity, the Issuer is subject to continuous supervision by the FIN-FSA and other authorities and this 
includes correspondence with the authorities on various subjects. As described in “Risk factors - D. Risks associated with 
legal and regulatory environment - Risks associated with abuse of the financial system”, in December 2019, the FIN-FSA

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
imposed a penalty payment on S-Bank and issued a public warning to FIM Asset Management Ltd for omissions in 
customer due diligence. The Issuer does not consider this matter or other pending regulatory processes significant for the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. Therefore, the Issuer considers that there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Group’s financial 
position or profitability. 
 
No significant changes 
 
The most recent audited annual report of the Group concerns the financial year that ended on 31 December 2019. Since 
that date the financial position of the Issuer has not changed significantly and there has not been any significant negative 
change regarding the future developments, other than as explained below under “Recent Events”. 
 
Since 31 December 2019, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group, other than as 
explained below under “Recent Events”. Further, other than as described in S-Bank’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report as at and for the six-months period ended on 30 June 2020 and in section “Recent Events”, no significant changes 
have occurred in the outlook or financial position of the Group. 
 
Recent Events 
 
The Coronavirus pandemic that erupted in March 2020 affects the general economic and financial situation, the banking 
sector in its entirety and the Group and its customers. The spread of the Coronavirus pandemic has led to restrictions, 
recommendations and other precautionary measures imposed by the authorities and private sector in Finland and 
elsewhere in the world to curb the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. Deterioration in the general economic situation 
due to the Coronavirus pandemic, high unemployment and financial uncertainty may increase defaults, credit losses and 
impairments and may adversely affect demand for the loans and products offered by the Issuer (see “Risk Factors”). 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is not aware of any other factors which would significantly influence the financial 
position of the Group after the latest financial year that ended on 31 December 2019. 
 
The interests of the Arranger, Lead Manager(s) and possible other subscription places 
 
Customary business interests in the financial market. 
 
Total expenses 
 
The total expenses of the Programme depend among other things on the number of final issuances under the Programme. 
The total expenses of the Programme as at the date of this Base Prospectus are approximately EUR 50,000. 
 
Credit Rating of the Issuer and the Notes 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term issuer credit ratings ‘BBB/A-2’ by S&P. The 
outlook is negative. 
 
Under the S&P’s rating definitions for long-term issuer credit ratings, an obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. Respectively, for a short-term issuer credit 
rating, an obligor rated 'A-2' has adequate capacity to meet its financial obligations. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitments. 
 
S&P, a division of S&P Global, is established in the EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation, and is, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the applicable rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list 
of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 
five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  
 
Capital Adequacy 
 
The Issuer and other Member Credit Institutions are subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions 
Act and Parts 2-4 of the CRR concerning the requirements to be set for credit institutions’ own funds. 
 
Pursuant to the CRR, credit institutions must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent, a Tier 1 
capital ratio of 6 per cent and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent (each ratio expressed as a percentage of the total risk 
exposure amount). Furthermore, pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act, an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
per cent has been applicable from 1 January 2015 to all credit institutions. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a 
countercyclical buffer of zero to 2.5 per cent based on macroprudential analysis. As from 1 January 2018, the FIN-FSA 
has been authorised to set a systemic risk buffer of 1 to 5 per cent and a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent has been 
imposed on the Issuer. 
 
However, due to the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic, the FIN-FSA made a decision on 6 April 2020 to remove the 
systemic risk buffer from certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, in order to support credit institutions’ ability to 
provide credit and ease the funding conditions for households and businesses during the pandemic. 
 
Management and reporting of liquidity risk are based on S-Bank’s capital and liquidity management framework. The said 
framework includes periodical assessment of the existing and future mandatory requirements relating to the LCR and the 
NSFR. Both requirements have been introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The LCR ratio is used 
to monitor the Group’s liquid assets and manage medium-term liquidity risk. The NSFR, a longer-term liquidity indicator, 
is used to measure the structural liquidity risk in the banking business and on the balance sheet. The Group’s minimum 
requirement of the LCR is at the date of this Base Prospectus 100 per cent and the minimum requirement of the NSFR is 
100 per cent starting from 28 June 2021. At the end of the six-month period ended on 30 June 2020, the Group’s LCR 
ratio was 137 per cent compared to 142 per cent on 31 December 2019. The LCR liquidity buffer was EUR 1.31 billion 
on 30 June 2020 compared to EUR 1.11 billion on 31 December 2019 and the net outflows during the six-month period 
ended on 30 June 2020 were EUR 958.9 million compared to EUR 780.9 million on 31 December 2019. The NSFR ratio 
was 150 per cent at the end of the six-month period ended on 30 June 2020 compared to 145 per cent on 31 December 
2019. 
 
Accounting policies 
 
The Group adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) on 1 January 2019 and the consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the IFRS adopted by the EU and valid on 31 December 2019.  
 
S-Bank has applied the IFRS standards as of 1 January 2019 in its consolidated reporting. The Group has applied IFRS 1 
First-time Adoption of IFRS. The effects of the transition to IFRS on the consolidated income statement, balance sheet 
and cash flow statement are described below. Until 31 December 2018, the Group’s financial statements were prepared 
in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Standards (FAS) and in accordance with the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority’s regulations concerning the financial sector. New accounting policies concerning financial instruments were 
introduced at 1 January 2018 with the adoption of the IFRS 9 Financial Instruments standard and will therefore no longer 
affect comparability in 2019. 
 
The following presents the adjustments associated with adopting the IFRS standards at 1 January 2018 and 31 December 
2018. 
 
a) Receivables from customers and reserves (adoption of IFRS 9) 
 
The impact of the expected credit loss recognised in the transition to IFRS 9 on the opening balance sheet item Receivables 
from customers at 1 January 2018 was EUR 8.0 million. The effect of the transition on equity at 1 January 2018 was EUR 
6.3 million. As a result of the reclassification, the fair value reserve decreased by EUR 5.1 million (net) and retained 
earnings increased correspondingly, with the reclassification having no impact on the amount of equity.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
b) Intangible assets and goodwill 
 
The Group has capitalised its own work associated with IT projects in accordance with the IAS 38 Intangible Assets 
standard. The effect of the adjustments on intangible assets in the opening balance sheet at 1 January 2018 was EUR 0.8 
million. During the financial year, intangible assets increased and personnel expenses decreased by EUR 2.1 million due 
to adjustments. 
 
In the IFRS transition, the goodwill of the opening balance sheet at 1 January 2018 corresponds to the value in accordance 
with FAS accounting principles on the basis of the relief based on the IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International 
Financial Reporting standard. Goodwill was EUR 9.8 million at 1 January 2018. In accordance with FAS accounting 
standards, goodwill amortisation (totalling EUR 4.3 million for the period 1 January–31 December 2018) has been 
reversed at the Group level. Under IFRS, goodwill is not amortised and instead, it is tested in accordance with the IAS 
36 Impairment of Assets standard for impairment. S-Bank has tested goodwill at 1 January 2018, 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019. Based on the tests, there is no need for impairment charges.  
 
c) Tangible assets (property, plant and equipment) 
 
Lease agreements on operating premises and leased vehicles presented in accordance with the IFRS 16 Leases standard 
have been booked as right-to-use items to tangible assets on the balance sheet. At 1 January 2018, property, plant and 
equipment and other liabilities increased by EUR 5.3 million due to adjustments. As a result of depreciation for the 
financial year, intellectual property rights decreased and depreciation increased by EUR 2.4 million. S-Bank has decided 
that lease agreements that do not exceed 12 months in duration and asset items that do not exceed EUR 5,000 in value 
will not be booked as right-to-use assets. Furthermore, no lease liability will be recognised on them. S-Bank recognizes 
these short-term leases and low value assets as expenses during the lease term. 
 
d) Tax assets and liabilities 
 
IAS 12 Income Taxes resulted in an increase of EUR 0.1 million in Group income taxes. The entries concern deferred 
taxes and are mostly the result of IFRS adjustments. At the date of transition, 1 January 2018, deferred tax assets increased 
by EUR 0.1 million and deferred tax liabilities decreased by EUR 2.7 million due to adjustments. Deferred tax assets 
increased by EUR 0.5 million and deferred tax liabilities by EUR 2.4 million due to adjustments. 
 
e) Provisions 
 
The voluntary defined benefit pension plan based on the IAS 19 Employee Benefits standard has been booked under 
Provisions on the balance sheet at 1 January 2018. During the financial year, balance sheet provisions and personnel 
expenses in the income statement decreased by EUR 0.1 million due to adjustments. 
 
f) Other liabilities 
 
Other liabilities include the lease liabilities of leasing agreements for operating premises and leased vehicles in accordance 
with the IFRS 16 Leases standard. 
 
At 1 January 2018, at the time of transition, the remaining lease payments under lease agreements were booked to 
liabilities at their discounted present values. Lease liabilities were booked on the balance sheet under “Other liabilities”. 
The incremental borrowing rate at the time of transition or the internal interest rate of the lease agreement, if available, 
was used as the discount rate. An amount corresponding to the lease liability was booked as a right-to-use asset item 
under Tangible assets on the balance sheet. The impact of adapting the IFRS 16 standard on the assets and liabilities of 
the opening balance sheet at 1 January 2018 was EUR 5.3 million, mostly from premises and leased vehicles. Due to the 
adjustments, other liabilities and other operating expenses for the period decreased by EUR 2.4 million. 
 
In accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, commission income is recognised on a time basis 
over the term of the contract. The resulting adjustment of EUR 1.1 million in accruals on commission income was 
recognised as a liability at the date of transition, 1 January 2018. During the financial year, the liability increased to EUR 
1.7 million due to adjustments. 
 
g) Retained earnings 
 
The adoption of IFRS standards in the Group had the following effects on retained earnings:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
(EUR ’000) 
1 Jan 2018 
31 Dec 2018 
Retained earnings under FAS 
75,614 
78,164 
IFRS adjustments: 
Receivables from customers  
-7,995 
0 
Intangible assets and goodwill  
805 
6,941 
Tangible assets (right-to-use assets) 
0 
-7 
Tax assets 
106 
466 
Provisions 
-367 
-264 
Tax liabilities 
2,669 
2,391 
Other liabilities 
-2,238 
-1,737 
Reserves 
5,041 
0 
Retained earnings under IFRS 
73,635 
85,954

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital is EUR 82,880,200.00 and the total number of shares issued 
is 6,680,180. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not own any of the Issuer’s own shares. 
 
S Group’s ownership of the Issuer’s shares is divided between SOK Corporation and the regional cooperatives of the S 
Group. As far it is known to it, the Issuer is not controlled by any single party and the Issuer is not is aware of any 
arrangements that may result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
 
The following table sets forth the ten largest shareholders of the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Name 
Number of Shares 
% of Shares 
% of Votes 
SOK Corporation 
2,506,595 
37.50 
37.50 
LocalTapiola Mutual Insurance Company 
668,308 
10.00 
10.00 
Helsinki Cooperative Society Elanto 
501,170 
7.50 
7.50 
LocalTapiola Mutual Life Insurance 
233,684 
3.50 
3.50 
Cooperative Society Hämeenmaa, Lahti 
194,941 
2.90 
2.90 
Pirkanmaa Cooperative Society, Tampere 
180,003 
2.70 
2.70 
Cooperative Society Keskimaa, Jyväskylä 
166,559 
2.50 
2.50 
Cooperative Society Arina, Oulu 
166,559 
2.50 
2.50 
Turku Cooperative Society, Turku 
149,380 
2.20 
2.20 
Cooperative Society PeeÄssä, Kuopio 
144,899 
2.20 
2.20 
Total  
4,912,098 
73.50 
73.50

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement;  
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and  
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Secondary Market of Notes 
If the Final Terms indicate that a Series of Notes will be listed, the application for stock listing shall be delivered to the 
Helsinki Stock Exchange provided that the subscribed amount of the Notes in such Series of Notes is EUR 200,000 at 
minimum. Additional issues of a listed Series of Notes shall be notified as amendments to the amount of the previously 
issued listed Notes.  
Effective Yield of the Notes 
The effective interest yield percentage of the Notes shall be notified in the Final Terms. The effective yield of the Notes 
depends on the current issue rate and the interest paid on the Notes, increasing when the issue rate is decreased and 
decreasing when the issue rate is increased. The effective yield has been calculated by using the current value method, 
widely in use in the securities market. 
PUBLIC OFFER SELLING RESTRICTION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(iii) 
if the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), not a 
qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended including by the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes. 
 
The provisions set out in the Prospectus Regulation and referred to in this section apply in respect of the UK until 31 
December 2020 in accordance with the agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community (2019/C 384 I/01) unless otherwise 
agreed between the EU and the UK. 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
In the United Kingdom, this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed at: 
 
(i) 
persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(1) 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); or 
(ii) 
high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, and other persons to whom it 
may be lawfully communicated, falling within Article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being 
referred to as “relevant persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this 
document or any of its contents.  
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, 
HONG KONG, SOUTH AFRICA, SINGAPORE AND CERTAIN OTHER JURISDICTIONS 
No offering will be made to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, South 
Africa, Singapore or in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Information on S-Bank” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has 
based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary 
from those expected, estimated or predicted.  
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
TAXATION IN FINLAND 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, and prospective subscribers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes under the individual circumstances and laws applicable to 
each subscriber. This summary is based upon the law and/or established tax practice as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take place also retroactively. 
The Issuer shall withhold the Finnish taxes imposed on the interest paid, to the extent required by the relevant tax laws, 
practices and tax authorities’ regulations and instructions in force from time to time. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraph, a tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of 
Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has to be withheld from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland 
for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased persons. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of 
interest paid. 
The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a prospectus does not have to be prepared 
with respect to the notes due to (1) the notes being offered for a consideration of in the minimum EUR 100,000 per 
investor and for each separate offer or in the denomination of in the minimum of EUR 100,000 per book-entry unit; (2) 
the offer being addressed solely to qualified investors (as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as 
amended)); or (3) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the European Economic Area to a maximum 
number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act. When 
the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, a tax withholding at the current rate of 30 per cent is 
operated from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased 
persons in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding (1118/1996, as amended). Interests are subject to final taxation 
as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended). The tax rate applicable to taxable 
capital income of up to EUR 30,000 is 30 per cent and for the amount exceeding this threshold, 34 per cent.  
Possible capital gains received from disposal of the Notes are subject to final taxation as capital income in accordance 
with the Income Tax Act. Capital gains are exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices of all assets disposed 
by a taxpayer does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of ordinary 
household effects or other corresponding assets utilized for the personal use). The possible capital loss is deductible from 
other capital income the year during which the sale took place and during five subsequent tax years. Capital losses are 
however not tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of 
ordinary household effects or other corresponding assets utilized for the personal use) does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a 
tax year. 
Taxable capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds and the aggregate of the actual 
acquisition cost and the sales related expenses. When calculating capital gains, Finnish resident individuals and estates 
may choose to apply the so-called presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost. The presumptive 
acquisition cost is 20 per cent of the sales proceeds, or 40 per cent if the Notes have been held by the Finnish resident 
individual or estate for a period of at least ten years. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied, sales related expenses 
are not deductible.  
Should Notes be sold prior to maturity, any accrued and unpaid interest (secondary market compensation, in Finnish: 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) is taxable as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act. The Issuer or paying agent 
shall withhold the tax from the secondary market compensation received in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding 
as described above concerning interests. 
When purchasing notes in the secondary market, the secondary market compensation paid is a deductible item in capital 
income taxation and, if the deductions exceed the amount of capital income, in earned income taxation to the limited 
extent allowed in the Income Tax Act. 
The Issuer or paying agent reports the secondary market compensation paid to the Finnish tax authorities. Inter alia, credit 
institutions, investment service companies and account holders generally report to the Finnish tax authorities also the 
information regarding the sale and other transfers of notes. Information on secondary market compensation received by

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
an investor and information on possible capital gains or losses stated on the investor’s pre-completed tax return must be 
verified and, when necessary, corrected.  
Finnish Resident Corporate Bodies 
Interest is generally taxable income to corporate bodies and subject to final taxation as corporate income in accordance 
with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) or the Income Tax Act. The current rate of corporate income 
tax is 20 per cent.  
Capital gains and possible secondary market compensation are also subject to final taxation as corporate income in 
accordance with the Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act, at the corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. 
The deductibility of capital losses derived from the disposal of the Notes depends on whether they are taxed under the 
Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act. Generally, limited liability companies are taxed in accordance with the 
Business Income Tax Act. Capital losses taxable under the Business Income Tax Act are generally deductible from a 
corporate body’s income taxable under the Business Income Tax Act in the same tax year and the ten subsequent tax 
years, whereas capital losses taxable under the Income Tax Act are only deductible from capital gains taxable under the 
Income Tax Act on the tax year of the sale and during five subsequent tax years.  
Non-residents 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage 
in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not taxable in Finland, 
and may be made without tax withholding, provided that the identity and tax residence of that person can be appropriately 
established. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, a transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers of securities. However, the Notes should not be 
classified as securities within the meaning of Finnish Transfer Tax Act (29.11.1996/931, as amended) (the Finnish 
Transfer Tax Act) and thus, transfer tax should not be payable, provided that the yield of Notes is not determined by the 
profit of an entity or by the amount of dividend or is not otherwise deemed to entitle to the share of annual profit or 
surplus of an entity.  
No transfer tax is generally payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. They are available at the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.s-pankki.fi/investors and upon request from the Issuer. 
 
Document 
Referred information 
Half-Year Report 1 January – 30 June 2020 
Unaudited consolidated half-year report for the six-
months period ended on 30 June 2020 
 
 
Annual Report 2019 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2019, pages 30 – 153 
 
 
Auditor’s Report 2019 
Auditor’s report 2019 
 
 
Annual Report 2018 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2018, pages 28 – 133 
 
 
Auditor’s Report 2018 
Auditor’s report 2018  
 
 
Annual Report 2017 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2017, pages 26 – 164 
 
 
Auditor’s Report 2017 
Auditor’s report 2017 
 
 
Annual Report 2016 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2016, pages 20 – 125 
 
 
Auditor’s Report 2016 
Auditor’s report 2016 
 
 
Annual Report 2015 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2015, pages 11 – 110 
 
 
Auditor’s Report 2015 
Auditor’s report 2015

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE  
In addition to the documents incorporated by reference, this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA decision of approval of the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Articles of Association and Extract from the Finnish Trade Register concerning the Issuer 
are available for viewing at the head office of the Issuer, address Fleminginkatu 34, 00510 Helsinki, Finland during the 
period of validity of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
The following glossary contains certain defined key terms in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
 
 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan 
A contractual arrangement made by the bankruptcy 
administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out 
liquidity credit in accordance with Section 25 of the 
MCBA. 
Commercial Real Estate Loan 
A loan secured by (i) mortgageable property for 
commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, 
Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code 
(maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a 
housing company or a real estate company entitling the 
holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; 
or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned 
collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area.  
Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans, Substitute 
Collateral and Derivative Transactions entered into the 
Register as statutory security for the Covered Bonds under 
the MCBA. 
Derivative Transactions 
Derivative transactions concluded for hedging against risks 
related to the Covered Bonds and therefore constitute part 
of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Housing Loan 
A loan secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily 
residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or 
Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company 
referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as 
amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and 
rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the 
aforementioned collateral, situated in another State 
belonging to the European Economic Area. 
MCBA 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended). 
Public-Sector Loan 
A loan which has been granted to the Republic of Finland, 
a Finnish municipality or other public-sector entity which 
may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish 
State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully 
collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector 
entity or a claim on such entity. 
Register 
The register of Covered Bonds and the collateral which 
forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Bonds, including the Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, which the Issuer is required to 
maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the MCBA.  
Substitute Collateral 
(a) 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central 
government, a municipality or another public-sector 
entity or a credit institution (other than one 
belonging to the same consolidated group as the 
Issuer); 
(b) 
guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a 
credit institution referred to in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
credit insurance given by an insurance company 
other than one belonging to the same group, as 
defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of 
Finance and Insurance Groups (laki rahoitus- ja 
vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as 
amended), as the Issuer; or 
(d) 
assets of the Issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland 
or a deposit bank; if the Issuer is a deposit bank the 
deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging to 
the same consolidated group as the Issuer.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
S-Bank Plc 
Fleminginkatu 34 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGER 
Danske Bank A/S  
c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch  
Debt Capital Markets  
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613  
FI-00130 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
To the Issuer 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 14 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland