--- Page 1 ---
10281075340-v10 
 
70-41071863 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
CENTRAL BANK OF SAVINGS BANKS FINLAND PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of the notes issued under this EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Notes" and the "Programme") by the 
Central Bank. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes. The obligation to 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Central Bank's approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (as defined below) or other regulated 
markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") for Notes within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") of Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Notes may be either unsubordinated (including both Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, each as defined in the Conditions) or 
subordinated (i.e. Tier 2 Notes as defined in the Conditions). 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Tranches of 
Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil 
its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS 
INTERNATIONAL 
LANDESBANK  
BADEN-
WÜRTTEMBERG 
SEB 
SWEDBANK 
11 April 2024

--- Page 2 ---
10281075340-v10 
- i - 
70-41071863 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Euronext Dublin will be published on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto (and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Overview of the Programme" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus

--- Page 3 ---
10281075340-v10 
- ii - 
70-41071863 
 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the "Securities Act") and Bearer Notes are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA")"". For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail

--- Page 4 ---
10281075340-v10 
- iii - 
70-41071863 
 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the

--- Page 5 ---
10281075340-v10 
- iv - 
70-41071863 
 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to "Euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus: 
The "Savings Banks" refer to the following savings banks belonging to the Amalgamation from time to 
time, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: (1) Aito Säästöpankki Oy, (2) Avain Säästöpankki, (3) Ekenäs 
Sparbank Ab, (4) Helmi Säästöpankki Oy, (5) Kvevlax Sparbank, (6) Lammin Säästöpankki, (7) Länsi-
Uudenmaan Säästöpankki Oy, (8) Myrskylän Säästöpankki, (9) Nooa Säästöpankki Oy, (10) Närpes 
Sparbank Ab, (11) Someron Säästöpankki, (12) Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta, (13) Säästöpankki Optia 
and (14) Säästöpankki Sinetti. 
The "Union Co-op" refers to the Savings Banks' Union Co-op, the corporate union co-operative entity 
which is established by the Savings Banks by way of the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op is the central 
administrative institution for the Amalgamation (as described further in the "Information on the Group and 
the Amalgamation" section). 
The "Amalgamation" means (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's 
consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, (d) the companies 
belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such credit 
institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) 
above combined own more than half of the voting rights. 
The "Member Credit Institutions" refers to the Issuer, the Savings Banks and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. 
The "Group" refers to the Issuer, the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and certain other corporate 
entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes. 
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the Issuer's management as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to it, and such statements may constitute forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, of 
the Amalgamation, or of the Group, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors include, among other things, the risks described in the section 
"Risk Factors". The forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the future operational or financial 
performance of the Issuer. In addition to factors that may be described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" could cause the Issuer's, the Amalgamation or the Group's actual 
results of operations or their financial conditions to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-
looking statement. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying 
assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Issuer's, the Amalgamation, or the Group's actual results of 
operations, their financial conditions or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes could 
differ materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer

--- Page 6 ---
10281075340-v10 
- v - 
70-41071863 
 
does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained 
herein unless required by applicable legislation. For additional information that could affect the results, 
performance or achievements of the Issuer, see "Risk Factors".

--- Page 7 ---
10281075340-v10 
- vi - 
70-41071863 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 25 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 33 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 40 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 85 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 102 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 105 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 106 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION .................................................... 114 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT ............................................................................................................... 125 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 129 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 130 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 133

--- Page 8 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 1 - 
70-41071863 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below could, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's capacity to repay principal 
and make payment of interest on Notes issued under the Programme. Words and expressions defined in 
the Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry(ies) in which it operates 
and the Notes summarised in this section of the Base Prospectus are the risks that the Issuer believes to 
be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to invest in the Notes. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making 
an investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties 
relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, 
may individually or cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Issuer is part of the Group and serves as the central credit institution of the Group. Where certain 
factors are described below with references to the Group such factors are also relevant to the Issuer as 
part of the Group. 
Risk factors associated with the Group's operating environment 
Uncertain global economic and financial market conditions could adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources 
Finland's economy slipped into a recession in 2023. According to preliminary statistics, Finland's Gross 
Domestic Product (GDP) contracted by 1 per cent, indicating significantly weaker growth compared to 
the eurozone average. The economic weakness was widespread: private consumption declined due to 
weakening purchasing power among consumers, investments suffered from rising interest rates, and the 
subdued global economic conditions weakened exports. Finland's economy is highly sensitive to interest 
rates, and the interest rate hike hit Finland's economy faster than many other countries. The construction 
sector, in particular, faced significant challenges, and applications of the building permits remain at a low 
level. 
The growth prospects for 2024 are also rather subdued. The economy is expected to remain stagnant 
overall, with economic growth hovering around zero (forecast made in January 2024). Although economic 
development is expected to remain weak in the early part of the year, a slight improvement is anticipated 
towards the end of the year. 
Globally, economic growth is also expected to weaken slightly compared to the previous year, so there is 
no significant external growth expected to support Finland's economy. On the other hand, consumer 
purchasing power has rebounded, easing household distress. Inflation has stabilised, and wages are 
expected to rise faster than inflation in 2024. The anticipated decline in interest rates will boost economic 
activity in the latter half of the year, gradually leaving behind the worst phase for the construction sector. 
However, the recovery is likely to be cautious. 
Despite the recession, the labour market situation has remained reasonably good. Unemployment has 
increased, but moderately. Unemployment is expected to rise slightly further in 2024, although 
historically, the increase in unemployment is expected to be minimal. Companies have long reported 
labour shortages, emphasising the importance of retaining skilled workers.

--- Page 9 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 2 - 
70-41071863 
 
The downturn in the housing market continued in 2023. Transaction volumes remained low, and housing 
prices declined by an average of over 6 per cent. Consumer confidence is low, indicating that the weak 
performance in the housing market is likely to persist in the early part of the year. As the year progresses, 
the real estate market is expected to slightly improve, driven by lower interest rates and increased 
consumer purchasing power. Additionally, housing prices are expected to gradually rise in the latter part 
of the year. 
The financial results of the Group (as defined above in the section headed "Important Notices") are 
affected by many factors, the most important of which are the general economic situation and its impact 
on the demand for banking services, such as housing loans. Deterioration in market conditions could 
result in difficulties for the Group's customers in meeting their payment obligations, which could lead to 
increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and loan losses. Deterioration in the 
general economic situation could also reduce demand for loans, such as housing loans and other products, 
leading to reduced net interest income from the banking business. 
Moreover, income generation in the Group's retail banking segment is significantly affected by changes 
in the interest rate level. Interest rate risk arises when interest rate fixing periods or interest rate bases for 
assets and those for liabilities are mismatched. Net interest income comprises a substantial part of the 
Group's total income. 
The market value of financial assets held by the Group may also be affected. The changes in market prices 
or decreased liquidity of the financial markets can have an effect on the Group. The Group may either be 
unable to sell certain financial assets or it may be required to sell certain financial assets at a reduced 
price, which could have a negative impact on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. Furthermore, deterioration in the general economic situation could increase the refinancing 
costs and hamper the Group's refinancing options. 
Although the Group's management believes that the Group's capital structure will provide sufficient 
liquidity to conduct the Group's day-to-day banking business even when there is uncertainty in the global 
economy and financial markets, there can be no assurance that the Group's liquidity and access to 
financing will not be affected by changes in the financial markets or that its capital resources will, at all 
times, be sufficient to satisfy the Group's liquidity needs. 
The Savings Banks are exposed to risks relating to the outflow of retail deposits 
Retail deposits comprise a major share of the Savings Banks' funding. The Issuer supports the liquidity 
and borrowing activities of the Savings Banks by acquiring funds and operating in the money markets 
and capital markets. Nevertheless, should the current financial situation lead to a significant outflow of 
retail deposits, the Savings Banks' funding structure would change substantially and the average cost of 
funding would increase. Furthermore, this would jeopardise the Savings Banks' liquidity, and the Savings 
Banks would be unable to meet their current and future cash flow and collateral needs, both expected and 
unexpected, without affecting their daily operations or overall financial position. Therefore, this could 
have a negative impact on the Savings Banks' business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
The market for the Savings Banks' core business areas remains highly competitive 
The financial services market remains highly competitive in the local and regional markets where the 
Savings Banks operate. In addition, the operating environment of the financial services market faces 
significant changes. Innovative competition comes both from established players and a steady stream of 
new market entrants and may take the form of new products or operating models such as digitalisation. 
The market is expected to remain highly competitive in the Savings Banks' core business areas, which 
could adversely affect the Savings Banks' business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which the Group operates 
Due to the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Issuer is subject to the risk of 
deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and financial soundness of other financial institutions. 
Thus a default or financial difficulties of one financial institution may have negative consequences for 
other financial institutions and may lead to liquidity problems, losses, defaults or worsening of general 
economic climate in the markets in which the Issuer operates, and this may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 10 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 3 - 
70-41071863 
 
Risk factors associated with the Amalgamation's operations 
The Amalgamation may be exposed to risk related to the availability of funding, and the Amalgamation 
may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity 
The Issuer acts as a central credit institution for the Savings Banks, meaning that the Issuer is responsible 
for the Amalgamation's payments and wholesale funding in the money and capital markets. The Issuer 
supports the Savings Banks' liquidity management and provides the Savings Banks with refinancing 
solutions. Thus, the Issuer is responsible for the whole Amalgamation's liquidity and senior funding from 
the money and capital markets. 
A substantial part of the Amalgamation's liquidity and funding requirements is met through reliance on 
customer deposits, as well as ongoing access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-
term debt market instruments such as the Notes issued under the Programme and covered bonds. 
Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the Amalgamation's 
liquidity. There can be no assurance that alternative sources of funding will be available on competitive 
terms or at all under this Programme, the covered bond programme of Sp Mortgage Bank Plc or from 
other sources of wholesale funding. 
Liquidity risk means the risk of the Issuer, the Group and/or the Amalgamation being unable to meet its 
payment obligations, to refinance its loans when they fall due, and to meet its obligations as a creditor. 
This risk could materialise if market conditions worsen substantially and the Issuer, the Group and/or the 
Amalgamation is unable to maintain adequate liquidity. 
The Group's strategy or its execution may fail 
Each Savings Bank has its own strategy based on and aligned with the Group's strategy. The basic 
objective of the Savings Banks is to promote thrift, the financial well-being of its customers and to operate 
near its customers. According to the Group's strategy, the Savings Banks' success is based on good 
profitability, cost-effectiveness, financial solidity, and risk management (for more information on the 
Group's strategy, see: "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation – Strategy of the Savings 
Banks"). Strategic risks refer to losses that may arise from the choice of an incorrect business strategy in 
view of the developments in the Amalgamation's operating environments. The Amalgamation, the Issuer 
or individual Savings Banks may be unable to successfully execute their strategies, and the Group's 
strategy may not be competitive or may be insufficient to meet customer requirements in the future as 
competition increases and customer offerings develop in the markets internationally. If the Group cannot 
adapt its strategy to meet these requirements, it may not be able to achieve the expected benefits of its 
strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's and the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition as well as on the value of the Notes. 
Operational disturbances and events may affect the Amalgamation's business operations 
Operational risks refer to losses that may arise from shortcomings in internal systems and processes and 
the conduct of personnel or from external factors having an impact on business. Operational risk may also 
materialise in terms of loss or deterioration of reputation or trust. 
The Amalgamation monitors the nature of operational risks, their occurrence and the volume of damages 
or losses in the event of an operational risk incident. The board and senior management of the Member 
Credit Institutions receive regular reporting on operational risks based on the collected data concerning 
operational risk events and damage/loss incurred. The Union Co-op's board receives regular reports on 
the status of the most significant operational risks faced by the Amalgamation. The reports detail realised 
operational risk events, any IT disruptions as well as the quality of outsourced services, the coverage 
provided by insurance policies and the status reports of data security. 
Strategic and operative risks, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the capital adequacy, 
business operations, financial standing, business results, prospects and solvency of the Group and/or the 
Amalgamation as well as on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 4 - 
70-41071863 
 
The loan portfolios of the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer may expose the 
Amalgamation to credit risks, and the Amalgamation's credit loss estimates may prove to be inaccurate 
At 31 December 2023, the Group's loans and advances to customers amounted to EUR 9.5 billion, (31 
December 2022: EUR 9.0 billion), growing by 5.7 per cent. during the year ended 31 December 2023. 
The key customer groups of the Group are Finnish private individuals, SMEs, housing associations and 
agricultural customers. As the key customer groups consist of Finnish customers, it cannot be overlooked 
that the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by this 
geographical risk concentration in Finland. The majority of the funds raised by the Group have been 
granted as housing loans to their customers. As at 31 December 2023, households, SMEs, housing 
associations and agricultural customers made up 97 per cent. of the loans (i.e. loans and advances to 
customers) on the Group's balance sheet. The majority of the Group's loans have been granted against 
residential housing serving as collateral for the underlying loan. Therefore, the Amalgamation's credit 
risk is mainly dependent on housing loan portfolios of the Savings Banks and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. 
Unemployment and the interest rate level are the most significant general economic factors which might 
adversely affect retail customers' ability to repay their loans. Furthermore, fluctuations in housing prices 
and general activity in the housing market could adversely affect both customers' debt servicing ability as 
well as the realisation value of collateral. 
The growth of the Savings Banks' and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc's loan portfolio may also have negative 
effects, as the growth of the loan portfolio in the current market environment may subsequently result in 
loan losses if the Savings Banks' customers are unable to meet their obligations. 
The IFRS 9 provisions on impairment are based on an expected credit loss model and they deviate from 
the earlier model, which was based on an actual credit loss model. The impairment losses on credit and 
other receivables were calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 as at 31 December 2023. Impairment losses 
on loans and advances were EUR 50.4 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: EUR 44.6 
million). Impairment losses on loans and advances were 0.53 per cent. (31 December 2022: 0.49 per cent.) 
of the credit portfolio. Estimating and pricing credit risks as well as the realisation time and value of 
collateral is, however, uncertain, and therefore possible impairments could adversely affect the Savings 
Banks' business, results of operations and financial condition. There is no guarantee that loss estimates 
will reflect actual future losses. If the level of impairments and non-performing loans is higher than 
anticipated, it may have a material adverse effect on the Savings Banks' business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
 
Noteholders are exposed to credit risk relating to the Amalgamation and the Issuer as a part of it 
Noteholders take a credit risk on the performance of the Issuer, the Group and the Amalgamation. Receipt 
of payments under the Notes by a Noteholder is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its payment 
obligations, which is in turn dependent upon the development of the Group's and Amalgamation's 
business. Notwithstanding the joint liability under the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in 
Finnish laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended), (the "Amalgamation Act") 
between the Issuer, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Savings Banks, there is no guarantee in place which 
directly ensures the repayment of Notes issued under this Programme. The payment obligations under the 
Notes are solely unsecured obligations of the Issuer and are not obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, 
the Union Co-op nor any Savings Bank. For more information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, 
see "The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the Amalgamation". 
The Amalgamation may be unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position 
The Issuer's banking licence is dependent upon, among other things, the fulfilment of capital adequacy 
requirements in accordance with the applicable regulations which are the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions (in Finnish laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014, as amended), (the "Credit Institutions 
Act") or the Amalgamation Act and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, to the extent then in application) (the "CRR 
Regulation"). Under these acts and regulations, the Issuer is primarily supervised by the Finnish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (the "FIN-FSA") and it is additionally subject to indirect supervision by the ECB. 
The Issuer's capital structure and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the availability and costs

--- Page 12 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 5 - 
70-41071863 
 
of funding operations. Moreover, the absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the 
Issuer's growth and strategic options. Significant unforeseen losses may create a situation under which 
the Issuer is unable to maintain its desired capital structure. 
The Issuer's capital adequacy is related to the availability of additional capital in the future. Negative 
changes in the capital adequacy position, such as a decrease in equity or an increase in risk-weighted 
items could have an adverse effect on the availability and cost of the Issuer's funding and, consequently, 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to brand, reputation and market rumours 
Among other factors, the Group relies on its well-known and respected brand, Säästöpankki, and good 
reputation in Finland when competing for customers. During the current turbulent market environment, 
having a good reputation is of particular importance as financial institutions are particularly susceptible 
to the negative impacts of rumours and speculation regarding their solvency and their ability to access 
liquidity. This is especially relevant in unstable global economic conditions. The brand and reputation of 
the Group can be affected by other factors outside the control of the Group. There can be no certainty that 
rumours or speculation would not arise and that such rumours or speculation, whether founded or not, 
would not have an adverse impact in the future. In addition, internal factors such as possible human errors 
or employee misconduct could have an adverse impact on the Group's brand and reputation. Further, 
problems in the Group's IT systems may cause disturbances in the services provided by the Group. For 
example, the payment services that the Group offers are crucially dependent on the functioning of its IT 
systems. Therefore, potential information system failures may affect the Group's ability to provide 
services quickly and to a high standard of quality, which consequently has an impact on the Group's brand 
and reputation. 
Possible future decisions by the Group concerning its operations and the selection of services and products 
offered may have a negative effect on the Group brand. Negative developments in the Group's reputation 
and brand as well as negative views of consumers concerning the Group's products and services or 
rumours concerning the Group may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
Customers and counterparties may file damages claims against the Savings Banks or the Group 
The customers or counterparties of the companies belonging to the Group may make claims against the 
Savings Banks or the Group that may result in legal proceedings. These risks include, among others, 
potential liability for the sale of unsuitable products to the Savings Banks' customers (misselling) or 
managing customer portfolios against customer instructions due to, for example, human error or 
negligence, as well as potential liability for the advice that the Savings Banks provide to participants in 
securities transactions, or liability under securities or other laws in connection with securities offerings. 
Should the Savings Banks or the Group be found to have breached their obligations, they may be obligated 
to pay damages. Such potential litigation could also have a negative impact on the Group's reputation 
among its customers or counterparties. Furthermore, the Group may face material adverse consequences 
if contractual obligations should prove to be unenforceable or be enforced in a manner adverse to the 
Group or should it become apparent that the Group's intellectual property rights or systems were not 
adequately protected or in operable condition. 
The materialisation of any legal risks such as described above or any potential damages to be paid by the 
Group or the loss of its reputation may be substantial and could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to system and information security risks 
The Group's daily operations involve a large number of transactions, which rely on the secure processing, 
storage and transfer of confidential and other information in the Group's IT systems and information 
networks. The Group's IT system, equipment and network may be susceptible to unauthorised use, 
computer viruses and other harmful factors. With regards to maintaining IT systems and providing IT 
services, the Group relies to a considerable extent on Oy Samlink Ab. Any failure by Oy Samlink Ab to 
maintain and develop IT systems or deliver agreed services as the Group requires could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business.

--- Page 13 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 6 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Group has cancelled its core bank renewal program to replace Samlink system in 2021 and instead 
has in the beginning of 2022 secured the continuity of existing system for next 10 years with new owner 
of Samlink, Kyndryl. The Group has launched an extensive business development project in 2023 with 
EUR 100 million investment in digitalisation over the next five years. This project is carried out in 
cooperation with number of suppliers that support the Group with the renewal of its lending system, build 
a new customer relationship management system to improve business performance, related processes, 
customer and employee experience. In addition to Samlink, the suppliers include Tietoevry, Microsoft 
and twoday. If the Group fails to effectively implement new IT systems or to adapt to new technological 
developments, it may incur substantial additional expenses, or be unable to compete successfully in the 
market. 
Furthermore, the Group's operations depend on confidential and secure data processing. As part of its 
business operations, the Group stores personal and banking specific information provided by its customers 
which in Finland are subject to certain regulations concerning privacy protection and banking secrecy. 
The Group may incur substantial costs if information security risks materialise. Resolving system and 
information security problems may cause interruptions or delays in the Group's customer service, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation and persuade customers to abandon the Group's 
services or to present the Group with claims for compensation. Any one of the aforementioned factors 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations or financial condition. 
There may be interruptions in the Group's business operations 
The Group's business may be in danger of being interrupted due to sudden and unforeseeable events, such 
as disruptions to the distribution of power and data communications or water and fire damage. The 
possibility of cyber-attacks has also increased following Russia's invasion of Ukraine and due to Finland's 
recently accepted NATO (The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation) membership, and actual or threatened 
cyber-attacks could cause interruptions in the Group's business operations. The Group may not be able to 
control such events within the scope of its present business continuity plans which may cause interruptions 
to business operations, such as, by interrupting the Group's payment and account management services, 
credit issuances, liquidity management and other services provided. Unforeseen events can also lead to 
additional operating costs, such as renovation and repairing costs, damages claims from customers 
affected by these events, higher insurance premiums and the need for redundant back-up systems. 
Additionally, insurance coverage for certain unforeseen risks may be unavailable, resulting in an 
increased financial risk for the Group. The Group's inability to effectively manage these risks could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations or financial condition. 
The Issuer's joint liability within the Amalgamation involves risks 
Under the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op (as the central institution of the Amalgamation) is liable 
for the debts of its Member Credit Institutions. Furthermore, the Member Credit Institutions, including 
each of the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, are jointly liable for each other's 
liabilities.  
The Union Co-op shall be liable to pay to any of its Member Credit Institutions such amounts as are 
necessary to prevent that credit institution from being subject to the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against it. The Union Co-op, as the central institution, is responsible for the payment of any 
debts of a Member Credit Institution that such Member Credit Institution cannot pay. 
Each Member Credit Institution's liability for the amount which the Union Co-op has paid to another 
Member Credit Institution either as (a) part of the support described above or (b) to a creditor of a Member 
Credit Institution as payment of a due debt which such Member Credit Institution has failed to pay, is 
divided between the Member Credit Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the articles of association of the Union Co-op, a Member Credit Institution has 
unlimited liability to pay the debts of the Union Co-op as set out in Chapter 14, section 11 of the Finnish 
Act on Cooperatives (in Finnish osuuskuntalaki 421/2013, as amended) (the "Cooperatives Act"). 
Otherwise, the liability to pay of each Member Credit Institution: (a) is limited to a proportional share of 
the total liability (each Member Credit Institution's liability for the amount which the Union Co-op has 
paid on behalf of one Member Credit Institution to its creditors is divided between the Member Credit 
Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals); and (b) is only applicable if such 
Member Credit Institution has at least a minimum capital adequacy, (in each case as set out, determined 
and subject to limitations in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation Act).

--- Page 14 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 7 - 
70-41071863 
 
Those entities within the Amalgamation that are not Member Credit Institutions will not be liable for 
Member Credit Institutions' debts under the Amalgamation Act. Accordingly, the ability of any 
Noteholder to take action against an individual Member Credit Institution will be limited, and 
enforcement in respect of an individual claim may require enforcement actions to be brought against 
several different entities. This will represent an additional administrative burden and expense, and there 
can be no assurance that all or any of such enforcement actions will be successful. 
The Union Co-op is responsible for the Amalgamation's risk management and has established a risk 
committee. The risk committee assists the Union Co-op's board of directors and operative management 
and its tasks include, but are not limited to, the assessments of the Member Credit Institutions' credit risks 
and management of the capital adequacy. 
As a Member Credit Institution of the Amalgamation, the realisation of this risk factor could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. For more 
information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see "The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of 
the Amalgamation". 
Changes in the composition of the Amalgamation may involve risks 
The current composition of the Amalgamation may change, subject to certain restrictions. In accordance 
with the Amalgamation Act, a Member Credit Institution has the right to withdraw from its central 
institution membership, i.e. the membership in the Union Co-op, by deciding to alter its bylaws or articles 
of association and by notifying the Union Co-op's board of directors in writing thereof, as long as, after 
such withdrawal, the consolidated capital of the companies within the Amalgamation remains at the level 
as prescribed by section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. The decision of the Member Credit Institution shall 
be valid only if the related proposal is supported by a two-thirds majority vote given by those at a meeting 
of trustees of such Member Credit Institution (as the case may be) or if it is supported by at least a two-
thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of shareholders and two-thirds of shares represented at the 
meeting of such Member Credit Institution. A calculation certified by the Union Co-op's auditors shall 
serve as proof of the maintenance of capital adequacy. 
A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the Union Co-op as specified in Chapter 3, section 3 
of the Cooperatives Act or if a Member Credit Institution has failed to comply with the instructions, issued 
by the Union Co-op by virtue of section 17 of the Amalgamation Act, in a manner that significantly 
endangers the management of liquidity or capital adequacy or the application of the standardised 
accounting policies or supervision of compliance with said policies, or if a Member Credit Institution 
otherwise acts in material breach of the Amalgamation's general operating principles adopted by the 
Union Co-op. The decision shall be valid only if the related proposal is supported by a two-thirds majority 
vote given by those at a general meeting of the co-operative. 
Among other things, the Amalgamation Act provides that a precondition for the merger of a Member 
Credit Institution into a credit institution other than another Member Credit Institution is that the board 
of directors of the Union Co-op shall be notified in writing of said merger prior to approval of the merger 
plan and that the consolidated capital of the companies within the Amalgamation remains at the level as 
prescribed by section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. In accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (in 
Finnish osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended), a merger must be supported by at least two thirds of the 
votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting of the merging credit institution.  
If a Member Credit Institution withdrew from the membership in the Union Co-op, was expelled from 
the Union Co-op or merged into a credit institution other than another Member Credit Institution, it would 
in the long term have an impact on the capital adequacy level of the Amalgamation. As a Member Credit 
Institution of the Amalgamation, the realisation of this risk could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Exiting Savings Banks remain liable for the debts and obligations of the Issuer only for a limited time 
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act governing payment liability of a Member Credit Institution shall 
also apply to a former Member Credit Institution which has withdrawn or been expelled from the Union 
Co-op, when a demand regarding payment liability is made on the credit institution, provided that less 
than five years have passed from the end of the calendar year of the credit institution's withdrawal or

--- Page 15 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 8 - 
70-41071863 
 
expulsion from the Union Co-op. For more information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see 
"The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the Amalgamation". 
Prospective Noteholders should, therefore, also note that an existing Savings Bank will, under the 
provisions of the Amalgamation Act, only remain liable for and support the debt obligations of the 
remaining Member Credit Institutions (including those of the Issuer and including the Notes) for a period 
of five years from the end of the calendar year of the exit of such Savings Bank. Prospective Noteholders 
should therefore note that, with respect to Notes which have a maturity of greater than five years, the 
Issuer's ability to service such obligations will be at risk from the economic impact of a Savings Bank 
(particularly if such Savings Bank is disproportionally larger in comparison to the remaining Savings 
Banks) leaving or being expelled from the Amalgamation or no longer being a Member Credit Institution 
if such exit by such entity occurs earlier than five years before the Maturity Date of such Notes. 
Furthermore, as a result, the ratings assigned to any such Note may be adversely affected as of the date 
that any such Savings Bank withdraws or is expelled from the Union Co-op and the Amalgamation. 
Irrespective of the payment liability described above, it cannot be excluded that possible withdrawals or 
expulsions from the Union Co-op's membership could adversely affect the Group's reputation and brand 
and, in turn, its business, results of operations and financial condition. In particular, the ratings of the 
Notes may be adversely affected, particularly if a Note will still be outstanding beyond the five years after 
which a Member Credit Institution has withdrawn from the Amalgamation. 
The Group risk management may not be adequate 
Core values, strategic goals and financial targets form the basis for risk and capital adequacy management 
in the Group. The purpose of the Group's risk management is to identify threats and opportunities affecting 
strategy implementation. The objective is to help achieve the targets set in the strategy by ensuring that 
risks are proportional to the Group's risk-bearing capacity. There can be no certainty that the Group's risk 
management measures would be fully adequate to manage and control risks. Some of the qualitative tools 
and metrics used by the Group for risk management purposes are based upon the use of observed historical 
market behaviour as well as future predictions. Other methods for risk management are based on 
evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or 
otherwise available to the Group. Such information has not always been, and may not always be, correct, 
updated or correctly evaluated and may be inadequate for the purpose of risk management. If any gaps in 
risk management exist, the Group may make decisions based on faulty information, which may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks associated with regulation 
Regulation and oversight of the Group's business operations 
The Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive 
supervisory and regulatory regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European 
Union. The Group must meet the requirements set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum 
capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial information and financial condition, 
marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms of business and permitted investments, liabilities, 
payment of dividends as well as regulations regarding the Amalgamation (for more information on the 
Amalgamation, see "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation"). In addition, certain decisions 
made by the Group may require approval or notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
As regards the supervision of the Issuer, the Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") commenced its 
operation in November 2014. The SSM is a system of financial supervision comprising the ECB and the 
national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The legal basis for the SSM is the Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced its supervisory role under the SSM on 4 November 
2014. Within the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-called significant credit institutions and has an 
indirect role in the supervision of less significant credit institutions. Less significant credit institutions 
continue to be supervised by their national supervisors, in close cooperation with the ECB. Pursuant to 
the Finnish Credit Institution Act (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014, as amended) and the Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Amalgamation is currently classified as less significant credit 
institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Amalgamation under the SSM is primarily carried out by 
the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to directly supervise any one of the less 
significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied consistently.

--- Page 16 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 9 - 
70-41071863 
 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD 
IV (Directive (EU) 2019/878, the "CRD V"), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, 
the "CRR II"), a regulation amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the "SRM Regulation") and a 
directive amending the BRRD (Directive (EU) 2019/879, the "BRRD II", and all proposals together the 
"Banking Reform Package"). The Banking Reform Package includes, for example, a leverage ratio 
requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes and a new 
moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union 
published a press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking 
Reform Package was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 
2019. Most of the new rules started to apply in mid-2021. The new national legislation in Finland 
implementing the CRD V and the BRRD II entered into force on 1 April 2021. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of CRR Regulation and CRD Directive 
related to finalising of Basel III implementation in the EU. In addition to legislative proposal to amend 
CRR Regulation and CRD Directive, the review contains a separate legislative proposal to amend the 
CRR Regulation in the area of resolution (the so-called "daisy chain" proposal). The aim of the new rules 
is to ensure that EU banks become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing 
to Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. Most of the 
changes related to CRR Regulation are applicable from 1 January 2025 with transitional arrangements 
applying for certain changes over several years. 
On 14 December 2023, the European Commission notified that the Basel IV package has been agreed, 
endorsed by the Council and Parliament and will be implemented. The Basel IV package includes 
revisions to capital requirements calculation of credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment 
(CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer for large and systemically 
important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal models. In addition, 
revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) were initially agreed in 
2016 (a revision was published on 14 January 2019) and were implemented together with the CRR II on 
28 June 2021. The EU announcement indicates an application date of 1 January 2025, with transitional 
arrangements applying over a further five-year period. 
All banks and financial services companies face the risk that regulators may find they have failed to 
comply with applicable regulations or have not undertaken corrective action as required. Regulatory 
proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, the Group, as well as 
diverting management's attention away from the day-to-day management of the business. A significant 
regulatory action brought by any relevant authority, such as the FIN-FSA, against the Group could have 
a material adverse effect on the business of the Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. 
This may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Stock exchange listing brings increased regulation 
The stock exchange listing of Notes issued by the Issuer and covered bonds issued by Sp Mortgage Bank 
Plc brings with it increased regulation and oversight of the Issuer and the Group's business operations, 
such as increased requirements concerning the obligation to provide regular and ongoing information. 
The Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU) ("MAR") establishes a common regulatory framework on 
insider dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information and market manipulation as well as 
measures to prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the financial market in the EU and to enhance 
investor protection and confidence in those markets. MAR imposes a range of regulatory requirements 
on the Issuer and violations of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or 
even criminal sanctions. MAR also contains rules on, among other things, procedures relating to 
disclosure of inside information, maintenance of insider lists and disclosure of managers' transactions.  
If the Issuer and/or the Group were deemed to have neglected the obligations incumbent upon issuers of 
listed notes or covered bonds, this could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its 
performance or its financial position and have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation.

--- Page 17 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 10 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Group is exposed to risks related to changes in taxation 
Tax risk refers to the risks associated with changes in, or errors in the interpretation of, taxation rates or 
law, regulation or practice. This could result in increased charges or financial loss. A failure to manage 
this risk could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money 
laundering or the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money 
laundering or financing of terrorism is always in the background for financial institutions, and the Group 
is subject to applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities 
conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the Group's compliance with anti-money laundering 
legislation, sanctions, and terrorist financing laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often 
difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action 
or adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on 
the Group's operations, any of which could in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business 
operations, its performance or its financial position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Amendments to the Conditions bind all Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including such 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and the Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
No consent or approval of Noteholders is required for a variation or amendment of the Conditions in order 
to effect amendments pursuant to Condition 6(i) (Benchmark Replacement). 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
In recent years, the rules applicable to the capital of financial institutions continue to be changed across 
the EU in order to implement Basel III. The directly applicable CRR Regulation entered into force in 
Finland on 1 January 2014 and has been updated several times. The CRD Directive was implemented in 
Finland through the new Credit Institutions Act, which came into force on 15 August 2014. After that, 
the CRD Directive has been updated and the Credit Institutions Act has been updated accordingly. 
On 14 December 2023, the European Commission notified that the Basel IV package has been agreed, 
endorsed by the Council and Parliament and will be implemented. The Basel IV package includes 
revisions to capital requirements calculation of credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment 
(CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer for large and systemically 
important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal models. The EU 
announcement indicates an application date of 1 January 2025, with transitional arrangements applying 
over a further five-year period. It is not possible to predict all the potential impacts the Basel IV package 
may have on the business of credit institutions before it has been fully implemented. 
The CRD Package introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks 
including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes in the elements of own funds, as well as changes in 
the calculation of own fund requirements; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, 
liquidity and funding. In respect of capital requirements, the CRD Package set out several measures 
intended to improve the quality of capital requirements applied to banks in addition to raising the amounts 
thereof. The purpose of these requirements is to improve the ability of banks to absorb losses in both their 
day-to-day operations and in situations of insolvency in addition to creating buffers against the economic

--- Page 18 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 11 - 
70-41071863 
 
cycle. The purpose of the leverage ratio requirement is to decrease the risk of a build-up of excessive 
leverage in financial institutions and in the financial system as a whole. Minimum capital requirements 
came into force from 1 January 2014 without transitional measures. Binding 3 % minimum requirement 
for the leverage ratio came into force on June 2022. Finnish regulatory capital and liquidity requirements 
are determined in accordance with both the directly applicable CRR Regulation and the Credit Institutions 
Act, which implements the requirements of the CRD Directive into Finnish legislation. Pursuant to the 
Credit Institutions Act, a credit institution must continuously hold the minimum amount of own funds 
and consolidated own funds specified in the CRR Regulation and Chapter 10 and Chapter 11 of the Credit 
Institutions Act. Under the Credit Institutions Act, the definition of own funds corresponds to the 
definition of own funds as set forth in the CRR Regulation. When calculating the required level of own 
funds for a Finnish credit institution, such calculation is carried out in accordance with both the CRR 
Regulation and the Credit Institutions Act. 
Pursuant to the CRR Regulation, credit institutions must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at 
least 4.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. (each ratio 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount). Furthermore, pursuant to the Credit 
Institutions Act, an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. has been applicable from 1 
January 2015 to all credit institutions. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a countercyclical buffer of 
zero to 2.5 per cent. based on macroprudential analysis. The FIN-FSA has not imposed the countercyclical 
buffer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. From 1 January 2018, the FIN-FSA has been authorised to 
set a systemic risk buffer of 1 to 5 per cent. The systemic risk buffer requirement may be set to cover 
long-term non-cyclical risks to the financial system. In order to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the systemic risk buffer requirement was removed by the FIN-FSA on 6 April 2020. In March 
2023, The FIN-FSA decided to set a systemic risk buffer requirement of 1 per cent for the Amalgamation. 
The decision will enter into effect on 1 April 2024. The additional capital conservation buffer and the 
countercyclical buffer must be satisfied with common equity Tier 1 capital. 
Based on Chapter 11 of the Credit Institutions Act, the FIN-FSA may set a pillar II requirement. The 
Pillar II capital requirement imposed by the FIN-FSA on the Savings Banks Amalgamation is currently 
1.5 per cent. At least three quarters of the Pillar II capital requirement must be Tier 1 capital, of which at 
least three quarters must be CET1 capital. 
Finally, there is an additional capital buffer requirement for "other systemically important institutions" 
(O-SIIs), whose failure or other malfunction would be expected to jeopardise the stability of the national 
financial system. The O-SII buffer for credit institutions operating in Finland may be set at zero to 2 per 
cent. of the total risk exposure amount and must also be satisfied with common equity Tier 1 capital. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Group nor any Member Credit Institutions are designated 
as O-SIIs. The FIN-FSA has imposed an additional own funds requirement to Finnish O-SIIs pursuant to 
the Credit Institutions Act. The additional capital buffer requirement shall be satisfied with CET1 capital. 
Furthermore, the Basel Committee has developed the Net Stable Funding Ratio (the "NSFR") which aims 
to ensure that a firm has an acceptable amount of stable funding to support its assets and activities over a 
one year horizon. The NSFR requirement was implemented into EU law through CRR II and it became 
applicable as of June 2021. 
The CRD Package requirements adopted in Finland may change, whether as a result of further changes 
to the CRD Package agreed by EU legislators, binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by 
the European Banking Authority (the "EBA") or changes to the way in which the FIN-FSA interprets and 
applies these requirements to Finnish banks (including as regards individual model approvals granted 
under CRD II (2009/111/EC) and CRD III (2010/76/EU)). This may result in a need for further 
management actions to meet the changed requirements, such as: increasing capital, reducing leverage and 
risk weighted assets, modifying legal entity structure (including with regard to issuance and deployment 
of capital and funding for the Savings Banks) and changing the Group's business mix or exiting other 
business and/or undertaking other actions to strengthen Group's capital position. The changes brought 
about by the CRD Package requirements may have an impact on the financial position and profitability 
of the Issuer or the Savings Banks. Furthermore, as a result of the implementation of the Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014, as amended, (the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") into Finnish legislation, the FIN-FSA became 
empowered to apply various early intervention tools to credit institutions (such as the Issuer, Sp Mortgage 
Bank Plc and the Savings Banks) that fail to comply with the capital requirements set out in the CRR

--- Page 19 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 12 - 
70-41071863 
 
Regulation. Additionally, the FIN-FSA and the ECB may cancel the Issuer's, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc's or 
a Savings Bank's licence as a credit institution if they fail to comply with the requirements concerning 
their financial positions, calculated according to the regulations for capital adequacy specified in the 
Credit Institutions Act and the CRR Regulation. In addition, a failing financial institution or an 
amalgamation could be subject to a number of resolution tools that have been granted to the Finnish 
Financial Stability Authority (the "Stability Authority"). The Stability Authority has the right to 
mandatory write-down the nominal value of liabilities and convert liabilities into regulatory capital 
instruments (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation (see "Resolution Laws"). 
Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the FIN-FSA has granted the central institution of the Amalgamation 
the power to waive the application of the liquidity requirements set out in part six of the CRR Regulation 
to individual Member Credit Institutions. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive sets out the necessary steps and powers to ensure that bank 
failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises 
costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and 
powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of 
an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to supervisory authorities including (but not limited 
to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 
capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments) and a "bail-in power" (exercisable in relation to other 
securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the relevant resolution authority 
the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities 
(which could include the Notes) of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims 
(which could include the Notes) into common equity tier 1 instruments of the surviving Group entity, if 
any. The Finnish legislation implementing the BRRD entered into force on 1 January 2015. For more 
information on the implementation of the BRRD in Finland, see "The Finnish resolution legislation 
implementing the BRRD". 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in power" as described above, the powers 
granted to the relevant resolution authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) direct the sale of the 
relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring 
the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise 
apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (a 
publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets of the relevant financial 
institution to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among 
the broader powers granted to the relevant resolution authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides 
powers to the relevant resolution authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date 
of debt instruments or other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a 
temporary suspension of payments. The new Finnish national legislation that implements the Banking 
Reform Package includes a new provision added to the Amalgamation Act whereby the Stability 
Authority may implement resolution measures in respect of the central institution and all member banks 
of an Amalgamation, if the Amalgamation as a whole meets the resolution criteria. This provision has the 
effect that potential bail-in of MREL eligible instruments issued by one member institution may be 
utilised for covering losses of other member credit institutions or for the recapitalisation of other member 
credit institutions of the Amalgamation. 
The BRRD contains safeguards for shareholders and creditors in respect of the application of the 'write 
down and conversion' and "bail-in" powers which aim to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than 
they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency 
proceedings.  
The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the value of any Notes subject to the BRRD and could lead to the Noteholders losing some or all 
of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 13 - 
70-41071863 
 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the resolution of 
the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation establishing a Single 
Resolution Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation"). The SRM Regulation establishes a 
single European resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European Commission 
and the relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over 
the entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national 
resolution authorities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to the SRM 
Regulation but to the Finnish resolution legislation implementing the BRRD. 
The Finnish resolution legislation implementing the BRRD 
The BRRD was implemented in Finland through the Resolution Act and the Act on Financial Stability 
Authority (in Finnish laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1195/2014, as amended) (together the 
"Resolution Laws"). Both acts entered into force on 1 January 2015. The latter regulates the Stability 
Authority, which is the national resolution authority having counterparts in all EU member states. Among 
its key tasks, the Stability Authority draws up resolution plans for institutions, decides whether a failing 
institution is placed under resolution and applies the necessary resolution tools to an institution under 
resolution. The Resolution Act was amended in connection with the implementation of the Banking 
Reform Package into Finnish national legislation and the amendments entered into force on 1 April 2021. 
Under the regime, credit institutions are required to draw up recovery plans or living wills to secure 
continuation of business in financial distress. These plans must include options for measures to restore 
the financial viability of the institution and they must be updated annually. The plans have to be submitted 
to the FIN-FSA for scrutiny. In the context of the new legislation, the FIN-FSA became empowered to 
apply early intervention tools to banks and investment firms if the FIN-FSA has weighty reasons to 
believe that the institution will fail its licensing conditions, liabilities or obligations under the capital 
adequacy regulations within the next 12 months. The early intervention tools encompass, among others, 
rights of the FIN-FSA to require the management to implement measures included in the living will, to 
convene a general meeting of shareholders to take necessary decisions, to require removal of members of 
the management and to require changes to the legal and financial structure of the institution. 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the 
institutions subject to its powers, including the Member Credit Institutions. The resolution plan is ready 
for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into a resolution process. The 
Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. 
To be able to use the other resolution tools the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a 
resolution process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools: 
the Stability Authority has the right to mandatory write-down the nominal value of liabilities and convert 
liabilities into common equity tier 1 instruments (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset 
separation. To continue the operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide 
upon covering losses of the institution by reducing the value of the institution's share capital or cancelling 
its shares. This (as well as bail-in) is a precondition for any support from a newly established resolution 
fund administered by the Stability Authority. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to 
address failing financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers' 
exposure to losses. The regime imposes amongst others an obligation on the resolution authority and 
financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, authorises the resolution authority to assess 
the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove impediments to resolvability. In the 
event that a financial institution becomes distressed, the new regime allows competent authorities (in 
Finland the FIN-FSA), to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to the financial 
institution where the FIN-FSA considers that it is likely that the institution will not be able to meet the 
conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such 
measures include the power to require the financial institution to take measures referred to in its recovery 
plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve any such measures 
requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its debts as 
instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, and/or the legal or 
administrative structure of the institution. 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a 
financial institution where the resolution authority considers that the financial institution in question is

--- Page 21 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 14 - 
70-41071863 
 
failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any measures could be taken to 
prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of the resolution measures is necessary to protect 
the significant public interest. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in the following circumstances: when it is, or 
is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, 
or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any of the Member Credit Institutions have been classified as a 
systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise a significant credit institution 
for the financial system in Finland by the FIN-FSA. 
The powers set out in the Resolution Laws will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes and could lead to holders of the Notes losing some or all of the value of 
their investment in the Notes. In particular, the exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and/or 
the Notes or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders 
of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes and could lead to holders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in the Notes. The actual effect on holders of the Notes depends, among other things, on the nature and 
severity of the crisis.  
The BRRD and the Resolution Act introduced the requirement for credit institutions and investment firms 
to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), which is designed to 
ensure sufficient loss absorbing capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to 
public funds.  
In May 2023, the Finnish Stability Authority set a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL requirement) for the Amalgamation and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. The requirement does 
not apply to the member credit institutions or the Issuer. The MREL requirement is by nature a Pillar II 
type minimum requirement that must be met continuously. The Financial Stability Authority decided that 
the MREL requirement applied to the Amalgamation is 20.53 per cent of the total risk exposure amount 
or 7.74 per cent of the total exposures, whichever is higher.  
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in resolution tool by 
the Stability Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for the provision of 
precautionary capital support which may result into their write-down in full. 
Following the implementation of the Resolution Laws on 1 January 2015, powers were granted to the 
Stability Authority which is the national resolution authority. The Resolution Act vests the Stability 
Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. 
These measures include the bail-in tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution may be 
recapitalised either by way of write-down or conversion of liabilities (including Notes issued under the 
Programme) into common equity tier 1 instruments. The bail-in tool may be imposed either as a sole 
resolution measure or in combination with the rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the 
Stability Authority in case of the resolution of a failing credit institution. 
Any Notes that will be issued under the Programme will be subjected to the said bail-in tool. So, if the 
Issuer or any other member institution of the Amalgamation is subjected to resolution measures in the 
future, then the value of such Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the 
bail-in tool by the Stability Authority. Furthermore, the Notes may be subject to modifications or the 
disapplication of provisions in the Conditions, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest 
payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period. 
Pursuant to Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers), each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in 
Powers by the Resolution Authority.

--- Page 22 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 15 - 
70-41071863 
 
Placing the Issuer under resolution may lead to the nominal value of the Notes being written down 
entirely or in part, or them being converted into equity capital instruments with worse priority, or to 
amending their terms, which means that the Noteholders bear the costs of the Issuer's crisis. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme may be subjected in the future to the bail-in resolution tool by 
the Stability Authority and to the mandatory burden sharing measures for the provision of precautionary 
capital support which may result into their write-down in full. The Notes bear the risk of the Issuer or the 
whole Group being placed under resolution as a result of serious financial difficulties, and a risk of 
possible write-down of the nominal value of the Notes pursuant to Chapter 8, Section 1 of the Resolution 
Act. In bankruptcy, the Notes may be converted into common equity tier 1 capital instruments with a 
lower priority, or the terms of the Notes may be amended.  
Following the implementation of the Resolution Laws on 1 January 2015, powers were granted to the 
Stability Authority which is the national resolution authority. The Resolution Act vests the Stability 
Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. These measures include the bail-in 
tool through which a credit institution subjected to resolution may be recapitalised either by way of write-
down or conversion of liabilities (including Notes issued under the Programme) into common equity tier 
1 instruments. The bail-in tool may be imposed either as a sole resolution measure or in combination with 
the rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the Stability Authority in case of the resolution of 
a failing credit institution. Pursuant to Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers), each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority. 
By virtue of Section 27 of the Amalgamation Act, if the Issuer as a member credit institution is placed 
under resolution in accordance with the Resolution Act, its own funds and eligible liabilities may be used 
for covering the losses of the Union Co-op as the central institution for the Amalgamation, or another 
member credit institution, as well as for capitalisation.  
 
Pursuant to Chapter 8, Section 3 of the Resolution Act, the amount of the Notes to be repaid can be 
written-down by virtue of a decision of the Stability Authority with adherence to the priority order of 
receivables pursuant to Section 4a of the Act on Credit Institutions in order to cover the losses of the 
Issuer. Moreover, in the aforementioned situation, the remaining nominal value can be converted into 
CET1 instruments to recapitalise the Issuer to a level ordered by the Stability Authority if the Issuer is 
placed under resolution in accordance with the Resolution Act.   
 
The amount of the Notes to be repaid may also be written-down in a corresponding manner also by virtue 
of Section 27a of the Amalgamation Act in order to cover the losses of another credit institution or an 
entity belonging to the same Amalgamation as the Issuer, and the remaining nominal value may be 
converted into CET1 instruments of these credit institutions or other entities in order to recapitalise these 
institutions to the level ordered by the Stability Authority in case the Issuer is placed under resolution 
pursuant to the Resolution Act. If the Issuer is placed under resolution by virtue of the Resolution Act 
together with one or more member credit institutions belonging to the Amalgamation, the Stability 
Authority may, pursuant to Chapter 9, Section 1 of the Resolution Act, make a decision on a merger 
through combination or absorption of one or more of these credit institutions with the Issuer, in which 
case the nominal value of the Notes may be lowered in order to cover the losses of all credit institutions 
partaking in the merger, and the remaining nominal value of the Notes may be converted into a CET1 
instrument of the new credit institution to be incorporated as a result of the merger in order to recapitalise 
it to a level ordered by the Stability Authority (for more information on the Stability Authority's powers 
under the Resolution Act, see: "Regulatory environment– Resolution laws"). 
Any Notes that will be issued under the Programme will be subjected to the said bail-in tool. So, if the 
Issuer or any other member institution of the Amalgamation is subjected to resolution measures in the 
future, then the value of such Notes may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the 
bail-in tool by the Stability Authority. Furthermore, the Notes may be subject to modifications or the 
disapplication of provisions in the Conditions, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest 
payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period.

--- Page 23 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 16 - 
70-41071863 
 
There may not be an active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no 
active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications 
may be made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and traded on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop, or, if 
developed, that it will continue. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may 
be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, 
and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering 
price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined in the Conditions) and, unless in the case of any 
particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event of a Tax Event (as 
defined in the Conditions), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes (in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Tier 2 
Notes, subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approvals) at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes. 
Subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval of the Competent Authority (as 
defined below) or the Resolution Authority, as applicable, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem in whole 
(but not in part): (i) Tier 2 Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, if the tax treatment for the Issuer in respect of such Notes is 
negatively altered after the Issue Date (as set forth in Condition (Early Redemption as a Result of a Tax 
Event)) or (ii) Tier 2 Notes in whole (but not in part) if a Capital Event occurs in respect of Tier 2 Notes 
or (iii) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs in respect of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which may 
include a situation where the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes will cease 
to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Amalgamation's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity 
(in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations). 
The Issuer may also be entitled to redeem in whole (but not in part) Tier 2 Notes from (and including) the 
MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of Tier 2 Notes, the regulatory conditions include the requirement under the CRD Package that, 
if such Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after their issuance, the Issuer must 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering such redemption was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes and, in the case of an early redemption 
relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment is material and, in the case of an early 
redemption relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These foreseeability and 
materiality conditions to redemption contained in the CRD Package only apply to a redemption of Tier 2 
Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory capital 
securities, such as the Tier 2 Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory reasons after the 
fifth anniversary of issue, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five years of issue, 
subject to the approval of the Competent Authority. There can therefore be no assurances that Tier 2 Notes 
will not be called for tax or regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date. 
Finland has implemented the EU Minimum Tax Directive (Council Directive (EU) 2022/2023 of 14 
December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise of taxation

--- Page 24 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 17 - 
70-41071863 
 
for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic group in the Union) into Finnish tax law in 
December 2023. The EU Minimum Tax Directive implements the Pillar 2 reforms that the OECD 
introduced in December 2021, including a global minimum tax rate of 15 per cent. When implemented 
under Finnish national law, these reforms might affect the Issuer’s ability to make deductions on the Notes 
and/or the Issuer might be subject to additional taxes if, for example, the tax rate of the Issuer would be 
deemed to be lower than the global minimum rate of 15 per cent. (whether as a result of deducting 
deductible interest expenses under the Notes, or otherwise). If any such adverse impact affects the Issuer’s 
tax position in respect of the Notes this may increase the risk that a Tax Event (as set forth in Condition 
8(c) (Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event) occurs as a result. 
In addition, an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There may be no rights of set-off or netting 
Holders of Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes shall not be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or netting against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
Notes. Therefore, such Noteholders will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set off the Issuer's 
obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in 
the Permanent Global Notes. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by 
the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Notes must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against 
the Issuer in the event of a default under the Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed 
of Covenant. 
Changes to any relevant laws or administrative practices could materially adversely impact the value 
of the Notes 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed 
by English law, except for Condition 4(b) (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Condition 4(c) 
(Status of the Tier 2 Notes), which shall be governed by Finnish law. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England and Finland or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Denominations of the Definitive Notes may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may

--- Page 25 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 18 - 
70-41071863 
 
not receive Definitive Notes in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and may need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such 
securities the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and 
upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Such a Calculation Agent may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect 
amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing EU, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 26 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 19 - 
70-41071863 
 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR or any other "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of 
Notes which reference EURIBOR or such other "benchmarks" 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working 
group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis 
for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the 
euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro 
short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first 
time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, 
or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and 
as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value 
and return on any such Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, there is a possibility that the rate of interest could alternatively be set by 
the Issuer, either alone or with an Independent Adviser (without a requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders) by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor 
rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of 
a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant "benchmark" although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may 
not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference 
rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain 
circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The above-mentioned risks related to EURIBOR may also impact other "benchmarks" in the future. 
Investors in Notes which reference such other "benchmarks" should be mindful of the applicable interest 
rate fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes and the adverse effect this may have on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which reference any such "benchmark". 
Risks related to the Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes may be limited 
The rules under the CRD Package and the EU Banking Reforms (as updated) prescribe certain conditions 
for the granting of permission by the Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority (as applicable) to 
a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes. The Issuer may redeem or repurchase the Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been granted the approval of or permission from (in 
the case of the Tier 2 Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in part only, as 
Tier 2 Capital) the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (in each such case, to the extent 
such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations) and, in the case of Tier 2 Notes 
only:

--- Page 27 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 20 - 
70-41071863 
 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer replaces the Tier 2 
Notes with capital instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Tier 2 Capital 
would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the capital ratios required under the 
CRD Package by a margin that the Competent Authority may consider necessary on the basis set 
out in the CRD Package for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an institution. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD Package provide that the Competent Authority may only permit the 
Issuer to redeem the Tier 2 Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of any Series 
of the Tier 2 Notes if:  
(a) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(b) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
the issuance of the Tier 2 Notes; or 
(c) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such Withholding Tax 
Event or Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the 
Tier 2 Notes. 
The rules under the CRD Package or the EU Banking Reforms (as updated) may be modified from time 
to time after the Issue Date of the Tier 2 Notes. It is not possible to predict whether or not any other 
change in such rules or the application or official interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred 
to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem or 
repurchase the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes. 
Holders of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes should not 
invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a redemption or repurchase will be exercised by the 
Issuer. The Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority must agree to grant such approval or 
permission, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other 
factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority or the Resolution 
Authority will grant such approval or permission. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may 
be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the 
minimum period (if applicable). There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investments in such Notes, as the case may be.  
The Tier 2 Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding-up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of 
its senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but 
excluding any obligations in respect of more subordinated debt) in full before it can make any payments 
on the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough 
assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Tier 2 Notes. 
The European Commission published on 12 December 2017 Directive (EU) 2017/2399 regarding the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "Creditor Hierarchy Directive"). 
The Creditor Hierarchy Directive creates a new category of "senior non-preferred" debt. The Issuer may 
need to amend its debt structure due to the new category of "senior non-preferred" debt, and such debt is 
likely more expensive for the Issuer compared to the issuance of the Notes due to the junior ranking of 
such "senior non-preferred" debt. Amendments to domestic legislation to implement the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive have entered into force in November 2018. Pursuant to the domestic implementation 
of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, credit institutions such as the Issuer have a specific debt ranking 
order in an insolvency situation. In addition, the amendment entitles credit institutions to agree on the 
ranking of non-preferred financial instruments in accordance with the Credit Institutions Act and the

--- Page 28 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 21 - 
70-41071863 
 
Finnish Priority Act (in Finnish laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1992/1578, as amended). 
Categorization as "senior non-preferred" debt requires a specific reference in the terms and conditions of 
a debt instrument. Until the domestic regulatory practice concerning the new ranking order is developed, 
it is uncertain how the amendment will affect the Issuer or the evaluation of the Notes. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the 
amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
Remedies in case of default on Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes are severely limited 
The Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes will contain limited 
enforcement events relating to (a) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) and (b) the winding-
up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, whether in Finland or elsewhere. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 12.2 (Events of Default – Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes) of the Conditions, a Noteholder may 
declare its Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) 
to be due and payable at their principal amount, and prove or claim in the winding-up, insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In each case, however, the holder of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Tier 2 Notes, as applicable, may claim payment in respect of such Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes only in the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Under Finnish law a creditor may not institute proceedings for the liquidation (in Finnish selvitystila) of 
the debtor, except under the following limited circumstances: (i) the debtor has no registered and 
competent board of directors; (ii) the debtor has no registered representative within the meaning of the 
Enterprise Act (in Finnish elinkeinotoimintalaki 565/2023, as amended); (iii) despite the request of the 
register authority, the debtor has not filed its annual accounts for registration within one year from the 
end of the financial period; or (iv) the debtor has been declared bankrupt and the bankruptcy has expired 
due to the lack of funds. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes 
To the extent that any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 
Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of such Notes, in certain circumstances 
(such as if a Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers)), 
the Issuer may, in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the terms of such Notes (including changing the governing law of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers)) to ensure that they continue to qualify as, in the case 
of Tier 2 Notes (save to the extent provided below), Tier 2 Capital or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in 
part only, as Tier 2 Capital, eligible liabilities in accordance with the Conditions, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers). 
While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of such Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to a holder of such Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, the governing law of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers) may be 
changed in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of 
Bail-in Powers).

--- Page 29 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 22 - 
70-41071863 
 
There can be no assurance as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of 
holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Tier 2 Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of (i) any Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) any Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and (iii) any Series of Tier 2 Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid 
under such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, 
final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount 
(other than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, any series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or any Series of Tier 2 Notes 
to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or any such Series of Tier 2 Notes, such Noteholders would, 
upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such 
redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, 
Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such 
Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk and interest rate risk: 
Established trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls involve risks 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the 
Conditions). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect 
an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal. 
Fixed rate Notes are subject to interest rate risks 
In general, as market interest rates rise, notes bearing interest at a fixed rate generally decline in value. 
Consequently, investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Notes since fixed rate Notes have a fixed rate of 
interest and prevailing interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. 
Interest on floating rate Notes may fall below the margin

--- Page 30 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 23 - 
70-41071863 
 
A Noteholder of floating rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate 
Notes in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate on the Notes will therefore be below the margin as specified in the Final Terms 
and may be zero. Accordingly, the Noteholders of floating rate Notes may not be entitled to interest 
payments for certain or all interest periods. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant 
floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the 
term of any Note. 
Change in credit rating 
Any material deterioration in the Issuer's existing credit ratings may significantly reduce its access to the 
debt markets and result in increased interest rates on future debt. A downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings 
may result from factors specific to the Issuer and/or the Group or from other factors such as general 
economic weakness or sovereign credit rating ceilings. A downgrade in the Issuer's credit rating may also 
result in the Programme being downgraded. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Risk of English court judgments not being recognised or enforced in Finland as a result of the UK's 
exit from the EU  
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). Upon the expiry of the post-Brexit transition period 
on 31 December 2020, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that 
applies between the UK and EU Member States, namely the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 (the "Recast Regula-
tion")) no longer applies to the UK (and English court judgments). Consequently, a judgment entered 
against the Issuer in an English court can no longer be recognised or enforced in EU courts under the Re-
cast Regulation.  
On 8 April 2020, the UK Government formally applied for the UK to re-join Convention of Jurisdiction 
and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 2007 (the "Lugano 
Convention") as an independent contracting state, which would mean English judgments would continue 
to be recognised and enforced in Finland (and other contracting states). However, this application was 
rejected by the other contracting parties, including the EU. 
Further, on 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention 
on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the "Hague Convention"), and this instrument of accession has 
taken effect on 1 January 2021. The Hague Convention requires that contracting states recognise and 
respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses, and enforce related judgments, in favour of other contracting states. 
Finland is a party to the Hague Convention as a consequence of being an EU Member State. Therefore, 
judgments of the English courts should be both recognised and enforced in Finland pursuant to the Hague 
Convention. However, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited and it applies only to contracts with 
an exclusive jurisdiction clause. 
On 24 December 2020, the UK and EU agreed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement Between the Euro-
pean Union and the European Atomic Energy Community and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"). However, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement does not cover civil enforcement and recognition of judgments.  
As they contain asymmetric jurisdiction clauses, a judgment rendered against the Issuer in an English 
court on the basis of the asymmetric jurisdiction clauses in the Dealer Agreement, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes would likely not be recognised or enforceable in Finland 
without re-examination (but will generally be considered as persuasive authority as a matter of evidence 
by Finnish courts).  If the party in whose favour the final judgment has been rendered by an English court 
brings a new action in a competent court in Finland and the court accepts jurisdiction for such new action 
under the applicable law, the final judgment rendered by an English court may be submitted to such 
Finnish court, but would only be regarded by the Finnish court as evidence of the outcome of the dispute 
to which such judgment relates and the Finnish court would still have full discretion to rehear the dispute 
ab initio.

--- Page 31 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 24 - 
70-41071863 
 
On 12 January 2024, the UK signed the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in Civil or Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"), which will come 
into force 12 months after ratification by the UK. The Convention provides for the mutual enforcement 
of judgments between the UK and the other contracting states, including EU member states, in 
proceedings started after the Convention comes into force in the UK. Asymmetric and non-exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses will be covered by Hague 2019, and will apply to judgments given in proceedings 
initiated after the Convention comes into effect, regardless of when the agreement was made.

--- Page 32 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 25 - 
70-41071863 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc (the "Issuer"). 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger"). 
Dealers: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
(together with the Arranger and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement, the "Dealers"). 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent"). 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the "Registrar"). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Denominations:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements), save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be €100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency).  
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its regulated market. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued as Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be. 
Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, general and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application.

--- Page 33 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 26 - 
70-41071863 
 
The rights of Holders of Senior Preferred Notes shall be subject 
to any present or future Finnish laws or regulations relating to the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes only as a result of the operation of such laws or 
regulations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unguaranteed 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to payments of the principal amount and any 
other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or 
other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under the 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR and the claims of all 
depositors and other unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer, provided that in each case such 
claims are not by mandatory provisions of law ranked, or 
by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other 
creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or 
by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer, 
For the purposes of Finnish law, in the event of bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to payments of the principal amount and any 
other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or 
other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under the 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall constitute claims as referred 
to in item 4 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 1 of the Credit 
Institutions Act ranking below claims as referred to in Section 2 
of the Priority Act and ranking above claims referred to in Section 
6, Subsection 1 of the Priority Act. 
The rights of Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
subject to any present or future Finnish laws or regulations 
relating to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only as a result of the operation of 
such laws or regulations. 
Tier 2 Notes 
The Tier 2 Notes constitute direct, unguaranteed and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. In the event of the winding-up, 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of the holders 
of Tier 2 Notes against the Issuer in respect of such Notes 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or

--- Page 34 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 27 - 
70-41071863 
 
other payments awarded for breach of any obligations under the 
Conditions (if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of 
the Issuer; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case 
by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with the Tier 2 Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any share capital and other common equity 
tier 1 instruments of the Issuer and any obligations of the 
Issuer ranking, or expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 2 
Notes of the Issuer (including but not limited to any 
Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer). 
The rights of holders of Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to any 
present or future Finnish laws or regulations relating to the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the Tier 2 
Notes only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations 
including but not limited to the Finnish implementation of Article 
48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 
1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: luottolaitoslaki 
(610/2014) as amended) to the effect that claims resulting from 
items qualifying (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the 
Issuer have a lower priority ranking than any claim that results 
from an item which does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) 
as own funds of the Issuer. 
Tier 2 Notes will constitute (a) debentures (debentuuri) for the 
purposes of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act (in Finnish 
velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) and (b) claims referred to 
in item 3 of Section 6, Subsection 1 of the Priority Act. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or netting against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable). 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or 
(2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and may vary 
during the lifetime of the relevant series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not

--- Page 35 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 28 - 
70-41071863 
 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche 
may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Global 
Note"). Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in 
new global note form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global 
Registered Note which is not intended to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be registered in the 
name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary. 
Each Global Registered Note intended to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain conditions, Notes may be redeemed before the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (as described in 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 8(k) (Clean-up Call Option)) or at the option of the 
Noteholders (as described in Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders)), to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
There are additional restrictions on the optional redemption of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 36 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 29 - 
70-41071863 
 
and Tier 2 Notes, as mentioned in Condition 8(p) (Conditions to 
Redemption). 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above and subject 
to certain conditions, early redemption will only be permitted as 
a result of a Withholding Tax Event, as described in Condition 
8(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax), 
or following an AA Put Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), as described in Condition 8(g) 
(Amalgamation Act Put Option). 
In relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and, Tier 2 Notes only, early redemption in 
whole (but not in part) is permitted as a result of a Tax Event if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as described 
in Condition 8(c) (Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event). 
In relation to Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and, following the MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date, Tier 2 Notes only, early redemption in whole (but 
not in part) is permitted as a result of an MREL Disqualification 
Event if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as 
described in Condition 8(i) (Early Redemption of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 
Notes as a result of a MREL Disqualification Event). 
In relation to Tier 2 Notes only, early redemption in whole (but 
not in part) is permitted as a result of a Capital Event if specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as described in 
Condition 8(j) (Early Redemption of Tier 2 Notes as a result of a 
Capital Event). 
There are additional restrictions on the early redemption of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Tier 2 Notes, as mentioned in Condition  8(p) (Conditions to 
Redemption). 
Substitution and Variation: 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Tier 2 Notes as provided in Condition 21 
(Substitution and Variation) (including changing the governing 
law of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers)) if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Taxation: 
All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Tier 2 Notes, of interest only, 
and in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, of 
principal and interest) in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by 
or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts 
as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions as 
described in Condition 11 (Taxation).

--- Page 37 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 30 - 
70-41071863 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and, together with 
Euroclear, the "ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are 
discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except for Condition 4(b) (Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and Condition 4(c) (Status of the Tier 2 Notes), 
which are governed by Finnish law. 
Ratings: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Preferred Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated A- by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the European Economic Area 
(including the Republic of Finland), the United Kingdom and 
Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Use of proceeds: 
The proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used by 
the Issuer for general corporate purposes including to act as a 
central credit institution of the Amalgamation for funding of the 
Member Credit Institutions. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 31 - 
70-41071863 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and has been submitted to and filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin, shall be 
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The auditor's report and audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 (which can be viewed at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/keskuspankki/2023/central-bank-of-
savings-banks-finland-plcs-financial-statement-2023.pdf); 
(b) 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(which can be viewed at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-ryhma/taloudellinen-
informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/keskuspankki/2022/central-bank-of-savings-banks-
finland-plcs-financial-statement-2022.pdf); 
(c) 
The auditors' report on the financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/keskuspankki/2022/central-bank-of-
savings-banks-finland-plcs-auditors-report-2022.pdf 
(d) 
The auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/ryhma/2023/savings-
banks-groups-board-of-directors-report-and-consolidated-ifrs-financial-statements-2023.pdf);   
(e) 
The auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/ryhma/2022/savings-
banks-groups-board-of-directors-report-and-consolidated-ifrs-financial-statements-2022.pdf);   
(f) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 30 to 57 of the base prospectus dated 27 February 2018 
(the "2018 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/emtn-base-prospectus-february-2018.pdf); 
(g) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 36 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2019 
(the "2019 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/cbsbf-emtn-u19-base-prospectus-dated-27-march-2019.pdf);  
(h) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 37 to 78 of the base prospectus dated 8 April 2020 (the 
"2020 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/velkasijoittajat/cbsbf-emtn-u20---base-prospectus-dated-8-april-2020.pdf); 
(i) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 38 to 78 of the base prospectus dated 13 April 2021 
(the "2021 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/2021/cbsbf-emtn-u21---base-prospectus-dated-13-april-
2021.pdf); 
(j) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 39 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 27 April 2022 
(the "2022 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/2022/cbsbf-emtn-u22---base-prospectus-dated-27-april-
2022.pdf); and 
(k) 
 The terms and conditions set out in pages 39 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 17 April 2023 
(the "2023 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/2023/cbsbf-emtn-u23---base-prospectus-dated-17-april-
2023.pdf). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge (i) during normal business hours on weekdays at the 
registered office of the Issuer at Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland and at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent at 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom and (ii) in electronic format,

--- Page 39 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 32 - 
70-41071863 
 
from the Issuer's website as set out above. Any information contained in any of the documents specified 
above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or 
is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, the websites of 
the Issuer and the Group are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 33 - 
70-41071863 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types 
of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all 
of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche 
of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the 
other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 34 - 
70-41071863 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator 
of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for 
the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility 
criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest 
coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global 
Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however,

--- Page 42 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 35 - 
70-41071863 
 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request 
of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 43 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 36 - 
70-41071863 
 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 
40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions s or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or

--- Page 44 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 37 - 
70-41071863 
 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the Conditions and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and 
conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 38 - 
70-41071863 
 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case 
of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required 
to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance 
with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m.

--- Page 46 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 39 - 
70-41071863 
 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the Conditions and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form".

--- Page 47 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 40 - 
70-41071863 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche 
of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State or (b) admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland plc (the "Issuer") has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
EUR 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 27 April 2022 
(the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together 
with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions 
references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference 
to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 27 
April 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and the holders of 
the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of

--- Page 48 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 41 - 
70-41071863 
 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
"Amalgamation" means (a) The Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-
op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, (d) 
companies belonging to the Savings Banks' consolidation groups, and (e) such credit institutions, 
finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) above 
combined own more than half of the voting rights; 
"Amalgamation Act" means the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in Finnish laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in Finland including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, BRRD, the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive, national laws and regulations implementing the CRD Directive, the BRRD 
and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liability 
and/or loss absorbing capacity and/or the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
adopted by the Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any other national or European 
authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Amalgamation); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms and Directive 98/26/EC, and may be further amended or replaced from time to time, 
including without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings

--- Page 49 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 42 - 
70-41071863 
 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Competent 
Authority, that as a result of a change in Finnish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date (including as a result of the implementation or applicability in Finland of CRD on or after 
the Issue Date) which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at Issue Date, the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Tier 2 Notes is fully excluded from inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital as applicable to the Issuer); 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Danish 
Bankers' Association based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a 
number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of the Issuer and/or the Amalgamation at the relevant time;

--- Page 50 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 43 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Conditions to Redemption" means the conditions to redemption set out in Condition 8(p) 
(Conditions to Redemption) or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, the CRR Regulation and 
any CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Amalgamation and which prescribe (alone 
or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Amalgamation (on a 
solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the 
CRR Regulation, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the EBA (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"Credit Institutions Act" means the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (in Finnish laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014 as amended); 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive 2017/2399/EU or any equivalent legislation 
that supersedes or replaces it; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, to the extent then in application); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 51 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 44 - 
70-41071863 
 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and

--- Page 52 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 45 - 
70-41071863 
 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European 
Money Markets Institute; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 5(f) (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 46 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means (without duplication) any indebtedness of any Person for money 
borrowed or raised including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 54 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 47 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Junior Securities" means any (i) Tier 2 Notes (or securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, pari passu with the Tier 2 Notes) or other subordinated debt instruments or securities 
of the Issuer which are recognised as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time by the 
Competent Authority, (ii) instruments, securities or other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari 
passu with the Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or other subordinated and undated debt 
instruments or securities of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer from time to time by the Competent Authority, (iii) share capital of the Issuer and (iv) any 
other subordinated security or obligation which ranks, or is expressed to rank, junior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; 
"Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Entity" means at any time: 
(a) 
the Union Co-op; 
(b) 
any entity acting on behalf of the Amalgamation (as a whole); or 
(c) 
any Savings Bank, any Subsidiary of a Savings Bank, any Subsidiary of the Issuer, or 
any Subsidiary of the Union Co-op, in each case the gross assets of which (or, where the 
interest in the share capital of such Subsidiary is less than 100 per cent., a proportion 
thereof equal to the proportion of the share capital owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Issuer) represent more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross assets of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 48 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(f) 
(Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided however that, if there is no such rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page for a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period, then the Mid-Swap Rate shall be determined through the use 
of straight–line interpolation by reference to two rates, one of which shall be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the actual Reset Period and the other 
of which shall be determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset 
Period were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
actual Reset Period; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (provided that the whole or any part of the 
outstanding principal amount of the relevant Notes has ceased to qualify as Tier 2 Capital), the 
whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Series at any time is not 
included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards the Issuer's and/or 
the Amalgamation's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in each case for the 
purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations); provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes is not included in, ceases or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum period 
prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Norwegian 
association for banks, insurance companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates 
can be obtained from the designated distributor);

--- Page 56 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 49 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to 
Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) 
(Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of 
a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Priority 
Act" 
means 
the 
Finnish 
Priority 
Act 
(in 
Finnish 
laki 
velkojien 
maksunsaantijärjestyksestä, 1578/1992 as amended); 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 57 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 50 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Spens Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call), or such other amount 
in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect 
of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the 
Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 58 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 51 - 
70-41071863 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset Date, 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means: in respect of the First Reset Period, no later than the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, no 
later than the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, no later than the second Business Day prior to the first day 
of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear on a 
fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such 
other date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer, the Amalgamation and/or the Group; 
"Restricted Senior Preferred Note" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as having Restricted Events of Default; 
"Savings Bank" means any of the savings banks which are member credit institutions of the 
Amalgamation; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, including creditors in respect of Senior Preferred Notes; 
(ii) who are holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; or (iii) who are subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (whether in the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer or 
otherwise) other than those whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, 
pari passu with or junior to the claims of the holders of the Tier 2 Notes; 
"Senior Preferred Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(a);  
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Spens Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish 
Bankers' Association (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based 
on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities

--- Page 59 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 52 - 
70-41071863 
 
which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(f) (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
"Tax Event" means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the Republic of Finland 
(experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of 
the Republic of Finland affecting taxation; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Republic of Finland; or 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, 
treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision 
or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore 
generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental 
authority or regulatory body in the Republic of Finland, irrespective of the manner in 
which such amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is 
made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, 
interpretation or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, as the case may 
be: 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges with respect to such Notes or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of payments in respect of such Notes in computing its 
taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced); 
or

--- Page 60 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 53 - 
70-41071863 
 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to 
such Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or 
to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which 
subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as having Unrestricted Events of Default; 
"Union Co-op" means the Savings Banks' Union Co-op, the central institution of the 
Amalgamation; 
"Withholding Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax); and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted.  
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 61 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 54 - 
70-41071863 
 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case 
of Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will 
be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the 
case of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for 
the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) 
and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of 
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so 
treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at 
the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title 
of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; 
provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount 
of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are 
being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered 
Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified 
Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and 
risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address 
specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent 
has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity by the Holder or the 
transferee thereof as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior

--- Page 62 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 55 - 
70-41071863 
 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes:  
(i) 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
The rights of Holders of Senior Preferred Notes shall be subject to any present or future Finnish 
laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes only as a result of 
the operation of such laws or regulations. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unguaranteed and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves.   
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and 
claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of the 
outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or other 
payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall  
(A) 
be subordinated to liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR 
and the claims of all depositors and other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer, provided that in each case such claims are not by mandatory 
provisions of law ranked, or by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with 
the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes;  
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with claims in respect of the claims of all other creditors 
of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and  
(C) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer.  
(iv) 
For the purposes of Finnish law, in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and 
claims (if any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of the 
outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest amount or damages or other 
payments awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall constitute claims as referred to in item 4 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, 
Subsection 1 of the Credit Institutions Act ranking below claims as referred to in Section 
2 of the Priority Act and ranking above claims referred to in Section 6, Subsection 1 of 
the Priority Act. 
(v) 
The rights of Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject to any present or 
future Finnish laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit

--- Page 63 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 56 - 
70-41071863 
 
institutions and investment firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes only as a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
(c) 
Status of the Tier 2 Notes: 
(i) 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Tier 2 Notes (the "Tier 2 Notes"). For regulatory capital purposes, Tier 
2 Notes are intended on the Issue Date to constitute Tier 2 Capital. 
(ii) 
The Tier 2 Notes constitute direct, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(iii) 
In the event of the winding-up, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and 
claims (if any) of holders of any Tier 2 Notes to payments of the outstanding principal 
amount and any other amounts in respect of the Tier 2 Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest amount or damages or other payments awarded for breach of any 
obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall:  
(A) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer;  
(B) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
which in each case by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Tier 2 Notes; and  
(C) 
rank senior to any share capital and other common equity tier 1 instruments of 
the Issuer and any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed to rank, junior 
to the Tier 2 Notes of the Issuer (including but not limited to any Additional 
Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer). 
(iv) 
The rights of holders of Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to any present or future Finnish 
laws or regulations relating to the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms in Finland which are or will be applicable to the Tier 2 Notes only as a 
result of the operation of such laws or regulations including but not limited to the Finnish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, 
Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: luottolaitoslaki (610/2014) as 
amended) to the effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or 
in part) as own funds of the Issuer have a lower priority ranking than any claim that 
results from an item which does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own funds 
of the Issuer. 
(v) 
Tier 2 Notes will constitute (a) debentures (debentuuri) for the purposes of the Finnish 
Promissory Notes Act (in Finnish velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) and (b) claims 
referred to in item 3 of Section 6, Subsection 1 of the Priority Act. 
(d) 
Set-off 
This Condition 4(d) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Tier 2 Notes and any 
related Coupons. 
No holder of the Notes or related Coupons shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
netting against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or Coupons. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 9 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is

--- Page 64 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 57 - 
70-41071863 
 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: this Condition 5(e) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half 
a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of 
interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no 
event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the 
stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(f) 
Reset Note Provisions: this Condition 5(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Such Notes shall bear 
interest on their outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5(a)) and on the Maturity Date. The Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) 
in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5(a). 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference

--- Page 65 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 58 - 
70-41071863 
 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
the Initial Rate of Interest. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 9 (Payments – Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6(b) (Accrual of interest) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer or its appointee shall determine;

--- Page 66 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 59 - 
70-41071863 
 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
so determined, provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a)

--- Page 67 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 60 - 
70-41071863 
 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2006 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable, the definition 
of "Fallback Observation Day" in the 2006 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed deleted in 
its entirety and replaced with the following: ""Fallback Observation Day" means, in 
respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period included 
in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the 
day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date."; 
(iv) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable:

--- Page 68 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 61 - 
70-41071863 
 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(v) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition, if the Issuer 
(in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than 10 Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(i));

--- Page 69 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 62 - 
70-41071863 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, 
then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(i)); provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable 
or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the 
date not falling less than 10 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), 
the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also, following consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify changes to the Business Day, Business 
Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment 
Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference 
Banks and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and, in each case, related provisions 
and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(i)). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(i) shall (in the 
absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(i). No Noteholder consent 
shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including 
for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or Fiscal 
Agent (if required) provided that such changes shall not impose more onerous

--- Page 70 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 63 - 
70-41071863 
 
obligations on the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to 
any additional duties or liabilities unless such party consents; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(i):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency, where such rate has 
been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) 
determines is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has 
replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser in its discretion 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has ceased to 
be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 71 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 64 - 
70-41071863 
 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that means that such Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or  
(v) 
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such 
supervisor, such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part 
thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether 
or not such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has ceased to be available) 
which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, if in the Calculation Agent's opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 6, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(k) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this

--- Page 72 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 65 - 
70-41071863 
 
Condition 6, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A)  
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer and/or the Amalgamation; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Tier 2 Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Amalgamation; 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as 
the Issuer's and/or the Amalgamation's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Payments – Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax: The Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (but in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Tier 2 Notes, subject to the Conditions to Redemption) in whole, but not 
in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or

--- Page 73 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 66 - 
70-41071863 
 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes or, in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, any earlier 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
(a "Withholding Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final 
terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and 
(B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event 
If "Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable to a Series of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 
2 Notes (but subject to the Conditions to Redemption), the Issuer may at any time having given 
not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of any Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Series of Notes at any time at a redemption amount equal to their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or at the redemption amount referred to in Condition 8(m) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to 
these Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but in the case of the 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Tier 2 Notes, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption) in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 days' nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may

--- Page 74 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 67 - 
70-41071863 
 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) will be either, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) if Make Whole Redemption 
Price is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make Whole 
Redemption Price or (ii) the specified percentage (being no less than 100 per cent.) of the nominal 
amount of the Notes as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 100 
per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as 
reported to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) by the Determination Agent, at which 
the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(ii) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to 
be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by 
discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-
day year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the 
number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 8(d): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set 
out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) or on such other basis as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if 
the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated 
yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming

--- Page 75 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 68 - 
70-41071863 
 
a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the Remaining Term of such Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such 
Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8(d). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the 
notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note (other than a 
Restricted Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Tier 2 Note) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8(f), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 
30 days' nor more than 60 days' before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is 
so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
8(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of 
any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long 
as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(f), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note 
for all purposes.

--- Page 76 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 69 - 
70-41071863 
 
(g) 
Amalgamation Act Put Option: If at any time while any Note remains outstanding, either of the 
following events shall occur (each, as applicable, an "AA Put Event"): 
(i) 
An AA Event occurs and, if at the start of the AA Period, the Issuer is rated by any 
Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that AA Event occurs within such AA 
Period; or 
(ii) 
An AA Event occurs and, on the occurrence of the AA Event, the Issuer is not rated by 
any Rating Agency, 
then the Holder of each Note (other than a Restricted Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-
Preferred Note or a Tier 2 Note) will have the option (the "AA Put Option") (unless, prior to the 
giving of the AA Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes under Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding 
Tax), Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8(k) (Clean-up Call 
Option)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the 
purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (AA Put) (as defined below), at the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes, together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest up to but excluding the Optional Redemption 
Date (AA Put). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that an AA Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (an "AA Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders (other than holders of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes) in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the nature of the AA Put Event and the circumstances giving 
rise to it and the procedure for exercising the AA Put Option contained in this Condition. 
To exercise the AA Put Option, the Noteholder must deposit any applicable Note, together with 
each unmatured Coupon relating thereto (if any), to the account of any Paying Agent for the 
account of the Issuer within the period (the "Put Period") of 45 days after the day on which the 
AA Put Event Notice is given, together with a duly signed and completed Put Option Notice in 
the form (for the time being current and substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent to whom a Note has 
been so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. 
Subject to the deposit of any such Notes to the account of a Paying Agent for the account of the 
Issuer as described above, the Issuer shall redeem, purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the AA Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above on the date 
(the "Optional Redemption Date (AA Put)") being the fifteenth day after the date of expiry of 
the Put Period. No Note, once so deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice, may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (AA 
Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Note on or prior to the end of the Put Period, payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (AA Put), the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance 
with this Condition, the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be 
the holder of the Note for all purposes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(g): 
"AA Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if the Amalgamation Act ceases to apply as a 
result of cancellation of the central institution's licence granted to the Union Co-op or if the Issuer 
or any Material Entity withdraws or is expelled from the Amalgamation (as provided in Section 
8 of the Amalgamation Act); 
"AA Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the date of 
the first public announcement of the relevant AA Event and (B) the date of the earliest Potential 
AA Event Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is the

--- Page 77 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 70 - 
70-41071863 
 
120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant AA Event (such 120th 
day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the 
Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the 
date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, 
that it has placed its rating of the Issuer under consideration for rating review either entirely or 
partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the AA Event or Potential AA Event 
Announcement, the AA Period shall be extended to the date which falls 90 days after the date of 
such public announcement by such Rating Agency; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, and, in each case, 
their respective successors or affiliates; 
a "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of an AA Event if, within 
the AA Period, the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn 
or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for 
the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if such rating previously assigned to the Issuer 
by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by 
at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents); and 
"Potential AA Event Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific 
and near-term potential AA Event (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential AA Event 
is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder 
or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement). 
(h) 
AA Put Option Sweep-Up: If, pursuant to the terms of an AA Put Option, Noteholders 
representing 80 per cent. or more of the nominal amount of a single Series have exercised the 
AA Put Option, then, for a period up to 7 days from the date of expiry of the Put Period, the 
Issuer may give notice (the "Sweep-Up Notice") to the relevant Noteholders that a Call Option 
shall be exercised in respect of the remaining outstanding amount of such Series of Notes. 
Thereupon, the relevant Notes shall be redeemed (in whole, but not in part) on the Optional 
Redemption Date (AA Put). Payment will be effected in accordance with Condition 9 (Payments 
– Bearer Notes) in respect of Bearer Notes or Condition 10 (Payments – Registered Notes) in 
respect of Registered Notes. 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 
Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event: If "Early redemption pursuant to an MREL 
Disqualification Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to a Series of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event in respect of any Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (on or after the MREL Disqualification Event Effective 
Date) Tier 2 Notes (but subject to the Conditions to Redemption), the Issuer may, at its option 
having given not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof 
shall oblige the Issuer to make the redemption therein specified), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the relevant Series of Notes at their outstanding aggregate principal amount (or such other 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount 
referred to in Condition 8(m) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with interest 
(accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions). 
(j) 
Early Redemption of Tier 2 Notes as a result of a Capital Event: If "Early redemption pursuant 
to a Capital Event" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to a Series of Tier 
2 Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in respect of any Tier 2 Notes (but subject to the 
Conditions to Redemption), the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 15 days' nor 
more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Tier 2 Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 18

--- Page 78 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 71 - 
70-41071863 
 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make 
the redemption therein specified) redeem all (but not some only) of the Tier 2 Notes at any time 
at a redemption amount equal to their outstanding aggregate principal amount (or such other 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount 
referred to in Condition 8(m) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these Conditions. 
(k) 
Clean-up Call Option: If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, 
of the Notes at a price greater than the outstanding principal amount of the Notes at the Issuer's 
option pursuant to Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the outstanding 
principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series is 25 per cent. (or such other amount as may 
be specified as the Clean-up Call Threshold in the relevant Final Terms) or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same 
Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), subject to the extent applicable, to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 8(p) (Conditions to Redemption), the Issuer may 
redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest 
Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall 
specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up Call) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
(l) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (k) above. 
(m) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(m) 
or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(n) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith, and provided that any such 
purchases will be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and subject to 
the prior approval of or permission from (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes) the Competent Authority 
or (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes 
that have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in part only, as Tier 2 Capital) the Competent 
Authority and/or the Resolution Authority (in each such case, to the extent such approval is then 
required under the Applicable Banking Regulations).  
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes that have ceased 
to qualify in whole, but not in part only, as Tier 2 Capital) the Competent Authority and/or the 
Resolution Authority (if required) to grant its approval or permission as described above will not 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes.  
(o) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled (by being surrendered to a Paying Agent 
for cancellation) and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 79 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 72 - 
70-41071863 
 
(p) 
Conditions to Redemption: In the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in accordance 
with Condition 8(a) (Scheduled redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and give notice 
thereof to the Holders) only if such redemption is in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and it has been granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority (in the case 
of Tier 2 Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes that have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in part 
only, as Tier 2 Capital) (in each such case, if such permission is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations) and in addition in the case of Tier 2 Notes only: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with capital 
instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Tier 
2 Capital would, following such redemption, exceed the capital ratios required under 
CRD by a margin that the Competent Authority may consider necessary on the basis set 
out in CRD for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an institution; and 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption before five years after the issue date of the Notes if: 
(A) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the 
Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or 
Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that such Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Notes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption"). 
Any refusal by (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes) the Competent Authority or (in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes that have ceased 
to qualify in whole, but not in part only, as Tier 2 Capital) the Resolution Authority (if required) 
to grant its approval or permission as described above will not constitute an event of default under 
the relevant Notes. 
9. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is

--- Page 80 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 73 - 
70-41071863 
 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing 
Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would 
otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date 
for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 
8(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax), Condition 8(f) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
8(g) (Amalgamation Act Put Option), Condition 8(k) (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 12 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment

--- Page 81 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 74 - 
70-41071863 
 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) (Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date 
for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become 
void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in 
all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable 
on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption)

--- Page 82 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 75 - 
70-41071863 
 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest 
or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 10 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, 
in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating 
the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified 
Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to 
the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the 
relevant Record Date. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Tier 2 Notes, of interest only, and in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
of principal and interest) in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In 
that event and in relation to a Restricted Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or 
Tier 2 Note, any payment of interest only, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or 
Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder 
of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the 
last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 83 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 76 - 
70-41071863 
 
12. 
Events of Default 
12.1 
Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 12.1 shall have effect only in relation to a Series of Unrestricted Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
If any of the following events occur (each an "Event of Default" in respect of Unrestricted Senior 
Preferred Notes only): 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption amount due in 
respect of the Notes for more than ten business days or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Notes for more than ten business days; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Entity, is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or the relevant 
Material Entity or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has 
occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Material Entity fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, 
provided that any such Indebtedness or other relative liability, either alone or when aggregated 
with other Indebtedness and/or other liabilities relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) 
to (iii) above which have occurred and are continuing, amount to at least €15,000,000; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal is 
permissible under applicable law and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days 
after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer 
is appointed, of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any Material Entity; or 
(f) 
Winding up etc: subject to Condition 12.3 (Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets) below, if 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any Material Entity, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or the voluntary winding up of a solvent Subsidiary; or 
(g) 
Cease business: subject to Condition 12.3 (Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets) below, if 
the Issuer or any Material Entity ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or any 
substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the Issuer or any Material Entity stops or threatens 
to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) 
as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(h) 
Insolvency – initiated against the Issuer or any Material Entity: (A) proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer or any Material Entity under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed 
with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator 
or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other

--- Page 84 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 77 - 
70-41071863 
 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Material Entity or, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is 
not discharged within 60 days; or 
(i) 
Insolvency – initiated by the Issuer or any Material Entity: if the Issuer or any Material Entity 
initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a 
moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors (other 
than the Noteholders in their capacity as such)) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors (other 
than the Noteholders in their capacity as such)), 
(j) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (i) above; or 
(k) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled 
or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and 
comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations 
are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible 
in evidence in the courts of the Republic of Finland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(l) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(m) 
Loss of licence: any necessary consent, approval, licence, order or other authority required at any 
time by the Issuer or any Material Entity to carry on its business, including inter alia, a banking 
licence, or the central institution licence granted to the Union Co-op under the Amalgamation 
Act, is cancelled, suspended or revoked for any reason by the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority or such other relevant regulatory authority; or 
(n) 
Government intervention: (A) all or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of the Issuer or any Material Entity is condemned, seized or otherwise appropriated by any Person 
acting under the authority of any national, regional or local government or (B) the Issuer or any 
Material Entity is prevented by any such Person from exercising normal control over all or any 
substantial part of its undertaking, assets and revenues, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality unless prior to 
the time when the Issuer receives such notice the situation giving rise to the notice has been cured, 
provided, however, that in the event specified in paragraph (c) (Cross-default) above any notice 
declaring the Notes due shall become effective only when the Issuer has received such notices 
from the Holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the relevant Notes then outstanding. 
12.2 
Restricted Events of Default – Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Tier 2 Notes 
This Condition 12.2 shall have effect only in relation to a Series of Restricted Senior Preferred, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes. 
(a) 
If any of the following events occur (each an "Event of Default" in respect of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes only): 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or other redemption amount 
due in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days or fails to pay any amount of 
interest in respect of the Notes for more than ten business days; or

--- Page 85 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 78 - 
70-41071863 
 
(ii) 
Winding-up, etc.: subject to Condition 12.3 (Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets) 
below, if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
the Holder of any Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
(x)  
(in the case of (i) above) institute proceedings for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, in each case, in Finland and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer; and/or 
(y)  
(in the case of (ii) above) prove or claim in the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, 
whether in Finland or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in paragraph 12.2(a)(ii) (Winding-up, etc.) above, 
the Holder of any Note may, by written notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due and 
payable, and such Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its outstanding principal 
amount together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such Holder only 
being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer 
under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to paragraphs 12.2(a) and 12.2(b) above, any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the 
Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with the prior 
approval of the Competent Authority (in the case of Tier 2 Notes) or the Resolution Authority 
(in the case of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (in either 
case, if such approval is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in paragraphs 12.2(a), 12.2(b) and 12.2(c) 
above, shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or 
undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
12.3 
Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
The Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders, consolidate with, or merge into, or sell, 
transfer, lease or convey its assets substantially as an entirety to any other entity, provided that 
(i) such successor entity expressly assumes the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and any 
Coupons (as applicable) including any additional amounts payable in relation thereto under these 
Conditions (and a legal opinion from Finnish lawyers is provided in respect thereof), and (ii) 
after giving effect to the transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
and provided that two directors of the Issuer certify to such effect. Each Noteholder will be 
deemed to have agreed, with respect to the Notes it holds, that it shall not exercise, and hereby 
waives in advance, its right in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (in Finnish 
osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended) to object to any merger provided that such merger (a) 
does not breach any term of these Conditions or (b) has been consented to by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer 
Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest 
on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note 
Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 86 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 79 - 
70-41071863 
 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note 
Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more than half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or 
more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other 
method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the 
Fiscal Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 87 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 80 - 
70-41071863 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the 
parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall 
not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such 
parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Modification of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Tier 2 Notes: 
Any modification or waiver of these Conditions which affects Tier 2 Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes will be effected in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal, or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency, and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 88 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 81 - 
70-41071863 
 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (i) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (ii) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one 
half cent being rounded up), (iii) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (iv) 
all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
21. 
Substitution and Variation 
If "Substitution and Variation pursuant to Condition 21" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if at any time on or after the MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date, an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, or if a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event or a Capital Event 
occurs at any time after the Issue Date, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement) and the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time 
either: 
(a)  
substitute all (but not some only) of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) for new Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable), which are 
Qualifying Securities; or  
(b) 
vary the terms of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities,  
provided that, in each case: 
(i)  
such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities; and  
(ii)  
such variation or substitution would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the 
credit ratings of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) as assigned to such Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) by any Rating Agency 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement 
of Bail-in Powers)); and  
(iii)  
such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless any 
such prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers)).   
For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed to be a 
modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver). 
Any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 21 is subject to the Issuer 
obtaining prior written consent of (in the case of the Tier 2 Notes) the Competent Authority or 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes 
that have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in part only, as Tier 2 Capital) the Resolution 
Authority (in each such case, to the extent such approval is then required under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations) and complying with the rules of any competent authority, stock exchange

--- Page 89 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 82 - 
70-41071863 
 
and/or quotation system by or on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed, traded and/or 
quoted. 
For the purpose of this Condition 21 a variation or substitution shall be "materially less 
favourable to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 4(a) (Status 
of the Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 4(b) (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
or Condition 4(c) (Status of the Tier 2 Notes), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to 
time applying to the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Tier 2 Notes (as applicable); 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable); 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount as the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) prior to such variation or substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes (as applicable) were listed immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
and/or the Amalgamation's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, to the extent that 
such Tier 2 Notes have ceased to qualify in whole, but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) or Tier 2 
Capital (in the case of any other Tier 2 Notes), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations (in the case of a variation or substitution due 
to a Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Capital Event) to at 
least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Capital Event. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4(b) (Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or Condition 4(c) (Status of the Tier 2 Notes), which shall be governed by 
Finnish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 90 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 83 - 
70-41071863 
 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, 
London, EC2V 7EX, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such 
other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the 
Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 22 applies to Proceedings in England and 
to Proceedings elsewhere. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes 
of this Condition 23, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition 
of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes 
may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder (including, for these purposes, each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes): (a) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by 
the exercise of any Bail-in Powers as they may be exercised without any prior notice by the 
Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such Notes; and (b) 
shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other intermediary 
through which it holds such Notes to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement 
the exercise of any Bail-in Powers with respect to such Notes as it may be exercised, without any 
further action or direction on the part of such Holder, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar.  
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Finnish bail-in power for the purpose of 
notifying Holders of such occurrence. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the Paying Agents for information purposes. Any failure or delay 
by the Issuer to provide any such notice shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the Bail-
in Powers. 
(d) 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect

--- Page 91 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 84 - 
70-41071863 
 
of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer or any other member of the Amalgamation, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Powers 
by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 23, will be an 
Event of Default. 
"Bail-in Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension, moratorium or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the 
Republic of Finland, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to 
the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (1194/2014, as amended) (in 
Finnish laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta) (the "Resolution Act") 
and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (1195/2014, as amended) (in Finnish laki 
rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta)) or the application of the SRM Regulation, each as amended or 
replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which (a) any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) and (b) any right in a contract 
governing an obligation of the Issuer may be deemed to have been exercised. 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to 
the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Resolution Authority.

--- Page 92 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 85 - 
70-41071863 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 93 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 86 - 
70-41071863 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
CENTRAL BANK OF SAVINGS BANKS FINLAND PLC 
LEI: 7437000I5X6LNQOW6U59 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2024 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document [constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and]1 must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal 
business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, 
United 
Kingdom 
and 
on 
Central 
Bank 
of 
Savings 
Banks 
Finland 
Plc's 
website 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-investors/central-bank-of-savings-banks-
finland-plc/debt-investor-programme and https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from the 
registered office of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the base prospectus dated [[27 February 2018] / [27 March 2019] / [8 April 2020] / [13 April 2021] / [27 
April 2022]/[17 April 2023]] (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
11 April 2024. This document [constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and]2 must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 
2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2024 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [•] and [•]]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectuses] are available for viewing during normal business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom and on Central Bank of 
Savings 
Banks 
Finland 
Plc's 
website 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-
investors/central-bank-of-savings-banks-finland-plc/debt-investor-programme 
and 
https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from the registered office of Central Bank of 
Savings Banks Finland Plc.]] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/ [•]] 
 
1  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 94 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 87 - 
70-41071863 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including [•]. No Definitive Notes 
will be issued with a denomination above [•].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/ 
[NIBOR]/[STIBOR]] 
+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [par]/ [[specify an amount above 
par] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Clean-up Call Option]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes]  
[Senior Non-Preferred Notes]  
[Tier 2 Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes 
obtained:] 
[•]

--- Page 95 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 88 - 
70-41071863 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR] /[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 96 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 89 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions).  
These are the options envisaged by the terms and 
conditions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of five should be specified for the 
Applicable Business Days / Observation Period 
Shift Business Days / Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days / Lockout Period Business 
Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent)

--- Page 97 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 90 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of five should be specified for the 
Applicable Business Days / Observation Period Shift 
Business Days / Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days / Lockout Period Business Days, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Rate of Interest: 
the rate of interest for the [long]/[short] [first]/[last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 98 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 91 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[±][•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up 
to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] ]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year] / [The provisions in the Conditions 
apply] 
 
(xvi) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
(xvii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding Business 
Day Convention] / [FRN Convention] / [Floating 
Rate Convention] / [Eurodollar Convention] / [No 
Adjustment]

--- Page 99 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 92 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
(xviii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xix) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/ [NIBOR]/[STIBOR]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] 
 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Spens 
Amount/ 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs (a) – (f) of this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•]] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent.] 
 
[(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[•]] 
 
[(e) 
Par Redemption 
Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Early redemption as a 
result of a Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 8(c) 
(Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event) apply 
 
(vi) 
Early redemption 
following an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable/ The provisions in Condition 8(h) (Early 
Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes as a 
result of an MREL Disqualification Event) apply.] 
 
(vii) 
Early redemption 
following a Capital Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 100 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 93 - 
70-41071863 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
 
Amount (Clean-up Call): 
[•] [per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[•] / [As per the Conditions] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:3 
[Not Applicable] 
[Condition 8[(b)]/[(c)]/(d) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (€ [•] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
 
3 
i.e. as a result of, in the case of Tier 2 Notes only, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event.

--- Page 101 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 94 - 
70-41071863 
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes.) 
24. 
[New Global Note/New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation] ]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date 
hereof, 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Substitution and Variation pursuant 
to Condition 21: 
[Applicable following a Capital Event / Applicable 
following an MREL Disqualification Event / Not 
Applicable] 
29. 
Senior Preferred Notes Events of 
Default: 
[Restricted Events of Default in accordance with 
Condition 12.2 (Restricted Events of Default - 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes 4 / Unrestricted 
Events of Default in accordance with Condition 12.1 
(Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes) / Not Applicable]  
 
 
Signed on behalf of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc: 
 
4 
Select 'Restricted Events of Default in accordance with Condition 12.2' for Notes intended to be 
eligible as MREL.

--- Page 102 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 95 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 103 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 96 - 
70-41071863 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued will not be separately 
rated] 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated: 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 104 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 97 - 
70-41071863 
 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in

--- Page 105 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 98 - 
70-41071863 
 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU)

--- Page 106 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 99 - 
70-41071863 
 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the

--- Page 107 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 100 - 
70-41071863 
 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 (the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]] 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
[CFI Code: 
[•]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/Names of additional Paying 
Agent(s)] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text 
for registered notes]]. Note that this does not

--- Page 108 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 101 - 
70-41071863 
 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D]  
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
7. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
[See 
["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here. 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 109 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 102 - 
70-41071863 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Conditions to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as 
the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf 
of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or 
common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified 
in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or

--- Page 110 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 103 - 
70-41071863 
 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Conditions or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase 
the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) 
above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed 
of covenant dated 8 April 2020 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly 
against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the 
Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became 
void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 111 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 104 - 
70-41071863 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as 
they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will 
be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On 
each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented 
by a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the case may be, and 
not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment 
is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, 
give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered 
Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note 
are), or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 112 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 105 - 
70-41071863 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes 
including to act as a central credit institution of the Amalgamation for funding of the Member Credit 
Institutions.

--- Page 113 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 106 - 
70-41071863 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Development of the Issuer 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland and 
regulated by the FIN-FSA. The Issuer's financial year is one calendar year. The Issuer was incorporated 
on 10 November 2008, is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland, and registered in the Finnish Trade Register 
under business identity code 2238752-5. The Issuer's registered address is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 
Helsinki, Finland and telephone number +358 20 703 2450. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
The history of the Issuer originates from the Savings Banks acquisition of Itella Bank in April 2013 from 
Itella Oyj (at present: Posti Group Oyj). The acquisition was carried out because Aktia Bank Plc, a former 
Savings Banks partner, announced in January 2013 the termination of the Savings Bank central credit 
institution facility at the beginning of 2015. Itella Bank, a deposit bank, was incorporated in 2008, and 
was organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland. Itella Bank was granted a credit institution 
licence on 31 August 2011 by the FIN-FSA. 
The official name of Itella Bank was changed in June 2013 into Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland 
Ltd (in Finnish: Säästöpankkien Keskuspankki Suomi Oy and in Swedish: Sparbankernas Centralbank 
Finland Ab). 
The central credit institution operations were transferred from Aktia Bank Abp to the Issuer on 3 
November 2014, and the Issuer began its payment transaction operations. The joint liability of the 
Amalgamation became effective on 31 December 2014 and, consequently, the Issuer commenced its 
external fund-raising at the start of 2015. 
The corporate form of the Issuer was changed from a limited liability company to a public limited 
company on 30 January 2015. 
According to Article 2 of its Articles of Association, the Issuer engages in the business operations of a 
deposit bank set forth in the Credit Institutions Act. In addition, the Issuer provides investment services 
as defined in Chapter 1, section 15 of the Finnish Act on Investment Services (14.12.2012/747, as 
amended) (in Finnish sijoituspalvelulaki). The Issuer may control and own real property, shares, stakes 
and securities in order to carry on its business. 
The Issuer operates pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the Credit Institutions Act and the Finnish 
Companies Act. 
The FIN-FSA supervises the Issuer's activities. As regards the supervision of the Issuer, the SSM (as 
defined in the Risk Factors) commenced its operations in November 2014. The SSM is a system of 
financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU 
countries. Pursuant to the Credit Institution Act and Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the 
Amalgamation is currently classified as a less significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision 
of the Issuer under the SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB 
can decide to supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions directly to ensure that high 
supervisory standards are applied consistently.  
On 20 October 2023, the Issuer's long-term senior debt was assigned a credit rating of A- by S&P and the 
short-term debt was assigned a credit rating of A-2. The outlook is stable. 
Business Overview 
The Savings Banks belonging to the Amalgamation together with Säästöpankkien Holding Oy (0.1 per 
cent.) own 100 per cent of the Issuer's shares. Säästöpankkien Holding Oy is a part of the Group. The 
Issuer provides savings banks with various central credit institution services: payment services and 
account operator services, payment card issuing for the customers of the member Savings Banks of the 
Amalgamation, and services related to liquidity management and asset and liability management. In 
addition, the Issuer provides the Savings Banks and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc with refinancing solutions in 
accordance with their needs and represents the Savings Banks in their payment transaction services 
through the Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") payment system.

--- Page 114 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 107 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Issuer conducts senior unsecured funding for the Group. The Issuer may issue financial instruments 
other than the Notes and conduct other wholesale funding transactions. Covered bond issuance within the 
Group is conducted by Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. 
On 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 46 employees. 
The Issuer as part of the Amalgamation 
The Issuer is part of the Amalgamation, which comprises (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies 
belonging to the Union Co-op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and 
the Issuer, (d) the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) 
above, and (e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions 
referred to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of the voting rights (including Sp-Fund 
Management Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd). 
The Amalgamation's operations are covered by the Amalgamation Act and the Union Co-op's bylaws. 
Primarily, the members of the Amalgamation carry out their business independently within the scope of 
their resources, and thus the Issuer and the other members of the Amalgamation are primarily responsible 
for their own obligations. However, the Amalgamation Act prescribes that the Union Co-op must pay to 
each Member Credit Institution an amount that is necessary in order to prevent such Member Credit 
Institution's liquidation and the Union Co-op is responsible for the payments of any debts of a Member 
Credit Institution that cannot be paid using such Member Credit Institution's own funds. At the same time, 
a Member Credit Institution must pay to the Union Co-op a proportionate share of the amount which the 
Union Co-op has paid either to another Member Credit Institution as part of the support action described 
above, or to a creditor of such Member Credit Institution as payment of a due debt for which the creditor 
has not received payment from its debtor. The amount paid in accordance with the joint liability is divided 
between the liable parties in proportion to their last adopted balance sheets. For more information on the 
joint liability, see "The Amalgamation Act – Joint liability of the Amalgamation". 
Only Member Credit Institutions are jointly responsible, within the Amalgamation, for another Member 
Credit Institution's unpaid liabilities and such liability does not extend to any other member of the 
Amalgamation, which is not a Member Credit Institution. Due to the joint liability within the 
Amalgamation and the Issuer's role as the central credit institution for the Savings Banks, prospective 
investors should examine both the Issuer's and the Group's financial statements. However, investors 
should note that the Group consists of the Amalgamation, as well as other companies and institutions 
owned by the Savings Banks. The activities of the Group or companies belonging to the Group that are 
not part of the Amalgamation and the joint liability, may have a negative impact on the Amalgamation. 
For more information on the Group's consolidated financial statements, see "Information on the Group 
and the Amalgamation―The Savings Banks Group's Financial Statements and Key Indicators", and for 
more information on the Issuer's financial standing, see "Description of the Issuer―Selected Financial 
Information". 
Management of the Issuer 
According to the Finnish Companies Act, the Issuer's highest decision-making authority rests with the 
shareholders at their annual general meeting (the "General Meeting"). The operational decision-making 
authority is exercised by the board of directors of the Issuer (the "Board of Directors") which is elected 
at the General Meeting. The Issuer has a Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") whose duty is to see to the 
Issuer's day-to-day administration. In addition, the Union Co-op has an integral role under the 
Amalgamation Act. According to the Amalgamation Act and the Union Co-op's bylaws the Union Co-op 
has a steering role in the Group and also monitors the Issuer. For more information on the Union Co-op's 
steering, see "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation― Union Co-op". 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
According to the Finnish Companies Act, the Board of Directors is responsible for the Issuer's 
administration, ensuring the appropriate arrangement of its operations and the supervision of the Issuer's 
accounting and financial management. The Board of Directors has general competence to decide on all 
matters related to the Issuer's management and other issues which, according to legislation and the Issuer's 
Articles of Association, are not the domain of the General Meeting or of the CEO. The Board of Directors 
decides on the Issuer's strategy and main business objectives and also confirms the management structure.

--- Page 115 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 108 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Board of Directors is composed of a chairperson and a deputy chairperson as well as a minimum of 
one and a maximum of five further members elected at the General Meeting. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following individuals as 
elected by the General Meeting on 14 March 2023: 
Karri Alameri (born 1964) has been a member of the Board of Directors since August 2022 and the 
chairperson of the Board of Directors since March 2024. Mr. Alameri is the CEO of the Union Co-op 
since June 2022. Mr. Alameri holds board member or chairperson positions in Sp-Fund Management Ltd, 
Sp-Life Insurance Ltd and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. Prior to joining the Group Mr. Alameri serviced OP 
Group, the largest financial group in Finland as an executive board member and prior to OP he was a 
member of the global management team of Danske Capital. Mr. Alameri holds a BSc (econ) from Umeå 
Universitet, Sweden and a CEFA from the Swedish School of Economics and Business Administration, 
Helsinki. 
Toivo Alarautalahti (born 1977) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since March 
2024.Mr. Alarautalahti has been the CFO of Aito Savings Bank Ltd since May 2020, when Huittinen 
Savings Bank merged with Aito Savings Bank ltd. Prior to this Mr. Alarautalahti has been the CEO of 
Huittinen Savings Bank since 2013. Mr. Alarautalahti has served as board member of several companies 
in the Savings Bank Group e.g., a board member of the Union Co-op (2015-2020) and vice chairman of 
the board (2017-2020).  Mr. Alarautalahti holds a Master of Laws degree form University of Turku and 
eMBA from University of Jyväskylä. 
Samu Rouhe (born 1975) has been a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors since March 2022. Mr. 
Rouhe has been the CEO of Länsi-Uudenmaan Savings Bank since May 2020, before Länsi-Uudenmaan 
Savings Bank Mr. Rouhe has worked as a manager of Corporate Banking in Länsi-Uudenmaan 
Osuuspankki (2014 – 2020), sales manager in OP-Pohjola Insurance (2011-2014) and before that in 
various positions in the insurance business since 2000. Relevant positions of trust include serving as a 
chairperson of the board of directors of Länsi-Uudenmaan Asuntovälitys Oy since 2020, member of the 
board of directors of Nooa Savings bank since 2021 as well as a member of the board of directors of Sp 
Mortgage Bank Plc since March 2022. Mr. Rouhe holds a Master of Business Administration degree from 
Häme University of Applied Sciences. 
Fredrik Westerholm (born 1972) has been elected as a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors in 
March 2024. Mr. Westerholm is the CEO of Ekenäs Sparbank Ab since November 2022. Before joining 
Ekenäs Sparbank, he has worked as an authorized public accountant within the financial service 
department of KPMG Oy Ab (Finland) during the years 2017-2022 and 1998-2005. During the years 
2007-2017 Mr. Westerholm held different management positions within the financial management of the 
listed Aktia Bank Plc group, of which acting as CFO and member of the group executive committee 2013-
2017. Relevant positions of trust include serving as board member of Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank 
2014-2017, Aktia Life Insurance 2013-2017 and Folksam Finland non-life insurance 2013-2017. Mr. 
Westerholm holds a M.Sc. (Econ) Business Administration degree from Hanken School of Economics, 
Helsinki. 
Ossi Öhman (born 1984) has been a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors since March 2021. Mr. 
Öhman has been the CEO of Savings Bank Kalanti-Pyhäranta since February 2020, the CEO of Pyhäranta 
Savings Bank from 2014 to 2019 and worked as an investment manager in Nousiaisten Osuuspankki 
before that. He has been a member of the board of directors of Nooa Savings bank from 2018 to 2020. 
Mr. Öhman holds a Master of Economic Sciences degree from University of Turku. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Issuer is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-
00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
Conflicts of Interests 
Except for the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act, there are no conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Issuer's administrative and management bodies to the Issuer and their other 
duties and private interests.

--- Page 116 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 109 - 
70-41071863 
 
CEO and Deputy CEO of the Issuer 
The Issuer has a CEO and Deputy CEO, each of whom are appointed by the Board of Directors. The duty 
of the CEO is to see to the Issuer's day-to-day administration in accordance with the rules and regulations 
set by the Board of Directors. Mr. Kai Brander is the CEO of the Issuer and Ms Mervi Luurila is the 
Deputy CEO. 
Kai Brander (born 1960) has been the CEO of the Issuer since 2019 and the Head of Treasury since 2013. 
Mr. Brander was Head of Trading and Liquidity of Danske Bank Finland from 2007 to 2013, Head of 
Trading and Sales of Leonia Bank / Sampo Pankki from 1999 to 2007, Assistant General Manager for 
interest rate products, a member of the risk and asset and liability management committee from 1996 to 
1999, Vice President (trading activities) for Postipankki, Singapore Branch, from 1993 to 1996 and 
director for money market (market risk) of Postipankki from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Brander holds a Master 
of Science in Economics. 
Mervi Luurila (born 1977) has been the Deputy CEO of the Issuer since 2019 and a Director of Finance 
and Clearing of the Issuer since 2013. Ms Luurila has been Director of Finance, Treasury and Clearing in 
Itella Bank Ltd from 2012 to 2013, Treasury Manager in Itella Bank Ltd from 2011 to 2012, Local Head 
of Payment and Collection Services Finland in Nordea Bank Finland Plc in 2011 and Senior Product 
Manager in Nordea Bank Finland Plc from 2009 to 2011 and has held several other positions in Nordea 
Bank Finland Plc from 2001 to 2009. Ms Luurila holds a Master of Science in Economics. 
Auditors 
The Issuer has one auditor, which is required to be an authorised public accountant approved by the 
Auditor oversight of the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The financial statements of the Issuer for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus and have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab, with Authorised Public Accountant Mikko 
Kylliäinen as principal auditor. The business address of the auditors and KPMG Oy Ab is 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
Corporate Governance 
The activities of the Issuer comply with the provisions of current legislation, including but not limited to 
the Finnish Companies Act. In addition, the Issuer complies with orders issued by the authorities, good 
banking practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, as well as the 
Group's corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines. The Issuer also complies with its 
own Articles of Association. The Group's internal audit function is responsible for the Issuer's internal 
audit. 
The Group's corporate governance policies are approved by the Board of Directors of the Union Co-op 
and updated at least once a year or whenever there are changes in the operating environment, business 
model, regulations, and/or statutory requirements. For more information on the Group's corporate 
governance, see "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation―Corporate Governance". 
Shares and Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer held none of its own shares and the General Meeting 
had not authorised the Issuer to acquire its own shares. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's 
share capital amounted to EUR 94,811,694.29 divided into 35,735 shares. 
The Savings Banks together with Säästöpankkien Holding Oy (0.15 per cent.) hold 100 per cent of the 
shares in the Issuer. The following table sets forth the Issuer's shareholders as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Shareholder 
 
Business 
identity 
code 
Number of 
shares 
Percentage 
of share 
capital (%) 
Aito Säästöpankki Oy  ..........................................................................................  
2286574-2 
6,954 
19.5 
Avain Säästöpankki ..............................................................................................  
0179732-2 
1,336 
3.7  
Ekenäs Sparbank Ab ............................................................................................  
3140968-5 
993 
2.8  
Helmi Säästöpankki Oy ........................................................................................  
2077812-7 
2,191 
6.1  
Kvevlax Sparbank ................................................................................................  
0198368-6 
985 
2.8

--- Page 117 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 110 - 
70-41071863 
 
Lammin Säästöpankki ..........................................................................................  
0197794-8 
2.834 
7.9 
Länsi-Uudenmaan Säästöpankki Oy.....................................................................  
3300099-8 
3,394 
9.5 
Myrskylän Säästöpankki ......................................................................................  
0129183-1 
812 
2.3  
Nooa Säästöpankki Oy .........................................................................................  
1819908-9 
864 
2.4  
Närpes Sparbank Ab.............................................................................................  
2650799-3 
2,524 
7.0  
Säästöpankkien Holding Oy1..................................................................................  
2192146-6 
48 
0.2  
Someron Säästöpankki .........................................................................................  
0153091-9 
2,549 
7.1  
Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta 
0133409-6 
1,316 
3.7 
Säästöpankki Optia ...............................................................................................  
0170559-8 
7,631 
21.4 
Säästöpankki Sinetti .............................................................................................  
0197848-1 
1,303 
3.7 
Total .....................................................................................................................  
 
35,735 
100.002  
 _______________  
''1. Säästöpankkien Holding Oy is the Group's holding company, which owns 48 shares of the Issuer. Säästöpankkien Holding Oy 
received the 41 shares of the Issuer in 2014 as Saaristosäästöpankki withdrew from the Group and merged with Aktia Bank 
Abp on 1 July 2014 and bought 4 shares from Oma Savings Bank Plc in 2020 and 3 shares Eurajoen Säästöpankki in 2021. 
2. Subject to rounding. 
Ongoing and Future Investments 
The Issuer has not made any significant investments or firm investment commitments since 31 December 
2023. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Credit Rating 
On 20 October 2023, the Issuer's long-term senior debt was assigned a credit rating of A- by S&P and the 
short-term debt was assigned a credit rating of A-2. The outlook is stable. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
Risk-bearing capacity and capital adequacy 
The Issuer and other Member Credit Institutions are subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the 
Credit Institutions Act and Parts 2-4 of the CRR Regulation concerning the requirements to be set for 
credit institutions' own funds. 
The FIN-FSA may grant the Union Co-op permission to decide that its Member Credit Institutions will 
not be subject to what is provided in the above mentioned provisions. A Member Credit Institution to 
which the exemption applies must have its own funds accounting for at least 80 per cent. of the total 
amount of the requirement for its own funds as laid down in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions 
Act. 
If a Member Credit Institution is subject to the exemption, the amount of exposure as referred to in Part 
4 of the CRR Regulation cannot exceed 40 per cent of the amount of the Member Credit Institution's own 
funds. If the client is a Member Credit Institution, a credit institution or an investment firm, the exposure 
cannot exceed 40 per cent. of the amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds, or if this amount 
is less than EUR 240 million, the exposure cannot exceed the amount confirmed internally by the Member 
Credit Institution, which amount can neither exceed EUR 240 million nor exceed 100 per cent. of the 
amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds. The FIN-FSA may, in certain circumstances, grant 
a Member Credit Institution permission to deviate from the above limit. In case of such a permission, the 
exposure of a Member Credit Institution or investment firm also means exposure in relation to a group of 
clients that includes at least one credit institution or investment firm. When applying the aforementioned, 
the aggregated exposure relating to clients in a client group that are not Member Credit Institutions or 
investment firms cannot exceed 40 per cent. of the amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds. 
The provisions of Chapter 10, section 11, subsection 3 of the Credit Institutions Act shall be applied to 
the calculation of the limit referred to above. 
If a Member Credit Institution is subject to the exemption, the Member Credit Institution cannot invest 
more than an amount corresponding to 25 per cent. of its own funds in investments referred to in Article 
89 of the CRR Regulation. The Member Credit Institution's total investments may account for an amount 
corresponding to a maximum of 75 per cent. of the credit institution's own funds.

--- Page 118 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 111 - 
70-41071863 
 
The CRR Regulation is directly binding on member states and as it came into force, a significant 
proportion of the FIN-FSA standards on capital calculations were repealed. Furthermore, the European 
Commission has issued more detailed technical and implementation standards, which are binding 
regulations for Member States. The CRR Regulation sets out the basis for the capital requirements by 
requiring that all credit institutions must have a CET1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital 
ratio of 6 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. These requirements have been supplemented by 
the additional capital requirements set forth in the Credit Institutions Act. Pursuant to the said act, an 
additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. has been applicable from 1 January 2015 to all credit 
institutions. The capital conservation buffer increases the CET1 capital requirement on banks to 7 per 
cent. and the total capital requirement to 10.5 per cent. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a 
countercyclical buffer of zero to 2.5 per cent. based on macroprudential analysis, although it has not 
imposed such buffer so far. Both the additional capital conservation buffer and the countercyclical buffer 
(if imposed in the future) must be satisfied with CET1 capital. Each of the Savings Banks has committed 
to participate in the capitalisation of the Issuer, if more equity capital is needed. 
In the beginning of 2018, the Credit Institutions Act was updated to include a new macroprudential 
measure, Systemic Risk Buffer ("SRB"). In order to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
systemic risk buffer requirement was removed by the FIN-FSA on 6 April 2020. In March 2023, the FIN-
FSA decided to set a systemic risk buffer requirement of 1 per cent for the Amalgamation. The decision 
will enter into effect on 1 April 2024 and the requirement has to be satisfied with CET1 capital. 
Based on the Chapter 11 of the Credit Institutions Act, the FIN-FSA may set a pillar II requirement. The 
Pillar II capital requirement imposed by the FIN-FSA on the Savings Banks Amalgamation is currently 
1.5 per cent. At least three quarters of the Pillar II capital requirement must be Tier 1 capital, of which at 
least three quarters must be CET1 capital. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a new banking package to 
implement the final Basel III regulation in the EU. The proposed amendments to the EU's Capital 
Requirements Regulation (CRR3), which are intended to enter into force from the beginning of 2025, are 
not expected to have a material impact on the capital adequacy of the issuer. 
Capital adequacy of the Issuer 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's capital structure consisted fully of CET1 capital. The Issuer's own 
funds were EUR 118.7 million (2022: EUR 106.5 million), of which CET1 capital accounted for EUR 
118.7 million (2022: EUR 106.5 million). The capital ratio, own funds (TC) as a percentage of risk-
weighted assets, of the Issuer was 43.9 per cent. (2022: 41.4 per cent.) and the CET1 capital ratio was 
43.9 per cent. (2022: 41.4 per cent.). 
2023 
2022 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
 
 
 
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
 
 
 
 
Own funds 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 before regulatory adjustments 
130,223 
116,024 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ..................................  
-11,543 
-9,536 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital ....................................................................  
118,680 
106,488 
Tier 1 capital (T1=CET1+AT1) .................................................................................  
118,680 
106,488 
Total capital (TC=T1+T2) ..........................................................................................  
118,680 
106,488 
 
 
 
 
RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS .....................................................................................  
 
 
Credit and counterparty risk .....................................................................................  
200,340 
211,889 
Items in balance sheet ...................................................................................................  
197,113 
161,828 
Off balance-sheet commitments ....................................................................................  
1,939 
39,501 
  Derivative contracts ....................................................................................................  
1,288 
1,086 
Credit valuation adjustment (CVA) ..........................................................................  
11,794 
824 
Market risk ..................................................................................................................  
0 
0

--- Page 119 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 112 - 
70-41071863 
 
 Currency risk ...............................................................................................................  
0 
0 
Operational risk ..........................................................................................................  
57,967 
44,323 
 
 
Risk-weighted assets total ...........................................................................................  
270,101 
257,036 
 
 
Minimum standard of Own funds .............................................................................  
21,608 
20,563 
Amount which exceeds minimum standard of Own funds ......................................  
97,072 
85,925 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) ...............  
43.9% 
41.4 % 
Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) ............................................  
43.9% 
41.4 % 
Total capital (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) .................................  
43.9% 
41.4 % 
 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
The Issuer manages the Amalgamation's LCR. The Amalgamation maintains a liquidity reserve 
comprising cash and cash equivalents and investments in liquid securities. On 31 December 2023, the 
Amalgamation's liquidity reserve consisted of EUR 1,841 million of liquid assets and the LCR of the 
Amalgamation amounted to 226 per cent. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's audited financial statements as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The Issuer's financial statements have been prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU. 
 
As at and for the twelve 
month period ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
  
 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS DATA*  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income .........................................................................................................................  
123,123 
33,409 
Interest expense ........................................................................................................................  
-91,889 
-15,420 
Net interest income ................................................................................................................  
31,234 
17,990 
Net fee and commission income ..............................................................................................  
6,804 
9,835 
Net trading income 
839 
-2,820 
Other operating revenue ...........................................................................................................  
4,684 
3,581 
Total operating revenue .........................................................................................................  
43,560 
28,585 
Personnel expenses ..................................................................................................................  
-4,713 
-4,522 
Other operating expenses .........................................................................................................  
-17,150 
-14,373 
Depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets............  
-2,026 
-1,738 
Total operating expenses .......................................................................................................  
-23,889 
-20,633 
Net impairment loss on financial assets ...................................................................................  
-1,338 
-846 
Operating profit .....................................................................................................................  
18,333 
7,106 
Taxes ........................................................................................................................................  
-3,938 
-1,443 
Profit .......................................................................................................................................  
14,396 
5,663 
 _______________  
* 
The full Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are contained in the financial statements of the Issuer that 
are incorporated herein. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................................................. 
1,424,785 
1,200,500 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ...................................................................................... 
1,624,576 
1,930,649 
Loans and advances to customers ................................................................................................. 
148,911 
140,616 
Derivatives .................................................................................................................................... 
847 
12

--- Page 120 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 113 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2023 
2022 
 
 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
Investment assets .......................................................................................................................... 
105,040 
107,950 
Property, plant and equipment ...................................................................................................... 
108 
21 
Intangible assets ............................................................................................................................ 
11,284 
8,479 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................................................... 
1,129 
830 
Other assets ................................................................................................................................... 
71,067 
32,890 
Total Assets .................................................................................................................................. 
3,387,747 
3,421,948 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Liabilities to credit institutions ...................................................................................................... 
1,503,452 
1,753,917 
Liabilities to customers ................................................................................................................. 
659,027 
574,032 
Derivatives………………………………………………………………………………………... 
40,691 
54,120 
Debt securities issued .................................................................................................................... 
989,491 
880,335 
Tax liabilities ................................................................................................................................ 
3,752 
1,356 
Other liabilities ............................................................................................................................. 
61,110 
42,163 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................................................. 
3,257,523 
3,305,923 
 
 
 
 
Equity  
 
 
Share capital .................................................................................................................................. 
94,812 
94,812 
Reserves ........................................................................................................................................ 
18,041 
19,434 
Retained earnings .......................................................................................................................... 
17,370 
1,779 
Total equity .................................................................................................................................. 
130,223 
116,024 
Total liabilities and equity .......................................................................................................... 
3,387,747 
3,421,948

--- Page 121 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 114 - 
70-41071863 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION 
The Issuer as a part of the Group and the Amalgamation 
The Amalgamation comprises (a) the Union Co-op, which acts as the central institution of the 
Amalgamation, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings 
Banks (of which there are 18 as at the date of this Base Prospectus), Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, 
(d) the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and 
(e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred 
to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of the voting rights (including Sp-Fund Management 
Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd). 
The structure of the Group differs from that of the Amalgamation so that the Group also includes 
organisations other than credit and financial institutions or service companies. The most significant 
companies comprising the Group (but not the Amalgamation) are Sb Life Insurance Ltd, Sp-Koti Oy and 
Säästöpankkien Holding Oy. 
The Group operates only in Finland and is the oldest banking group in Finland. The first of the Savings 
Banks was established in Turku in 1822. The Finnish Savings Banks Association (which became the 
Union Co-op as of 30 April 2014) is the central institution of the Savings Banks; it was established in 
1906 and changed its form from a registered association to a co-operative in 2014. 
In November 2013 and January 2014, the Savings Banks within the Group came to a decision on the 
forming of an amalgamation (as defined in the Amalgamation Act) and to turn the Union Co-op into a 
central institution for the Amalgamation. In November 2013, the Savings Banks decided to join the 
Amalgamation, approving its operating principles and the bylaws of the Union Co-op and making the 
changes to the Savings Banks' bylaws or Articles of Association required by taking up the membership 
in the Amalgamation. For more information on the regulation, see "The Amalgamation Act". The Union 
Co-op obtained the licence from the FIN-FSA to act as the central institution of the Amalgamation on 16 
October 2014, and the operations as the Amalgamation began on 31 December 2014. 
The diagram below shows the structure of the Group, the Amalgamation and the joint liability within the 
Amalgamation.

--- Page 122 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 115 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Structure of the Group and the Amalgamation 
In the Group, executive decision-making at the Amalgamation level steers and influences the decision-
making process in the individual companies of the Amalgamation. Additionally, Amalgamation-level 
executive decisions form the basis of the individual company's board decisions as necessary. As well as 
executive steering, individual companies must take into account legal and administrative requirements. 
The Amalgamation (shown in the green box in the diagram above) is a financial group formed by (a) the 
Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings 
Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, (d) the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of 
the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and service 
companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of the 
voting rights (including Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd). Certain 
entities within the Amalgamation (shown in the red box in the diagram above) share joint liability under 
the Amalgamation Act. The assets of these entities make up approximately 100.00 per cent. of the total 
Amalgamation assets and 92.8 per cent. of the total Group assets as at 31 December 2022. The ideological 
basis of the Amalgamation is the promotion of the exercise of prudence amongst the Savings Banks' 
customers and their financial wellbeing. This is the root of its values, its basic service principles and the 
focus of its customer work. 
The purpose of the Union Co-op is to act as the central administrative institution for the Amalgamation 
in accordance with the Amalgamation Act and to manage the finance and insurance activities within the 
Group. The Union Co-op aims to promote and support, on the basis of equality, the development and co-
operation of the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer as well as the other companies and 
entities within the Group and the Group as a whole. For more information on the Union Co-op, see 
"Information on the Group and the Amalgamation―Union Co-op". 
The Group (shown in the blue box in the diagram above) is comprised of the Amalgamation and other 
institutions belonging to the Group. The Group differs from the Amalgamation in that the Group also 
includes other institutions apart from credit and finance institutions and service companies. The most 
notable of these are Sb Life Insurance Ltd (life insurance operations), Säästöpankkien Holding Oy and 
Sp-Koti Oy (real estate brokerage). 
The Group does not constitute a corporate group in the sense defined in the Accounting Act (in Finnish 
kirjanpitolaki 1336/1997, as amended) (the "Accounting Act") or a consolidated group as defined in the 
Credit Institutions Act. 
Savings Banks 
The Savings Banks belonging to the Amalgamation own together with Säästöpankkien Holding Oy (0.2 
per cent.) 100 per cent. of the Issuer's shares. The Savings Banks belonging to the Amalgamation together 
with the Issuer and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc own 100 per cent. of the Amalgamation's central institution, 
the Union Co-op. Savings Banks are independent regional and local banks. Together the Savings Banks 
combine local, regional and national interests. As at 31 December 2023, the Savings Banks maintained 
about 91 offices under their individual brands and under the brand of the Group, with a total of over 
380,000 customers across all Savings Banks. As at 31 December 2023, the Savings Banks had in 
aggregate approximately 1,350 employees. 
The Savings Banks are deposit banks, regulated not only by the Credit Institutions Act but also by the 
Savings Bank Act, (in Finnish säästöpankkilaki 1502/2001, as amended), according to which the Savings 
Banks have the special objective of promoting saving. A minimum of ten corporations or foundations or 
a minimum of twenty natural persons are required in order to establish a savings bank. The sizes of the 
Savings Banks vary substantially as the balance sheet of the largest Savings Bank, Säästöpankki Optia, 
was over EUR 1,892 million, and the balance sheet of the smallest Savings Bank, Ekenäs Sparbank Ab, 
was EUR 221 million each as at 31 December 2022. A Savings Bank's own restricted capital consists of 
the basic capital and the reserve fund, as well as possibly a revaluation fund and a basic fund. The Group 
includes four Savings Banks which take the form of limited companies, whose share capital is included 
in the basic capital in equity. The FIN-FSA has granted credit institution licences to all of the Savings 
Banks and supervises the operations at Amalgamation-level.

--- Page 123 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 116 - 
70-41071863 
 
The Savings Banks focus on low-risk retail banking, particularly services related to daily business, saving 
and investments, and lending services. The target groups of the Savings Banks are working-age 
households, SMEs and agricultural customers. The product and service range covers all the main banking 
services for both personal and business customers. They are complemented by other financial sector 
services and products provided together with partners. In the Greater Helsinki area, a corresponding retail 
bank operation is carried out by Nooa Säästöpankki Oy, which is a company owned by the other Savings 
Banks. 
The sales of products and services are provided by both physical branch offices and online banking. The 
majority of the Group's corporate customers have an annual turnover of under EUR 10 million. The 
majority of the funds raised by the Group have been granted as housing loans to the Group's customers. 
As at 31 December 2023, households, SMEs and agricultural customers totalled EUR 2,200 million 
(2022: EUR 1,931 million) (i.e. loans and advances to customers) on the Group's balance sheet. The 
majority of the Group's loans have been granted against residential housing serving as collateral for the 
loan. 
The Savings Banks original ideology, the desire to promote the wellbeing of individuals and communities, 
continues to be the basis of the Savings Banks' operations today. The promotion of thrift is mentioned in 
the Savings Bank Act as the special purpose of the Savings Banks. The aim of the Savings Banks is to 
increase customer share, good profitability, economic wellbeing of both the local community and 
customers, and a Savings Bank brand, which attracts both customers and employees. 
Comparison of the Total Assets of the Savings Banks and the Group 
The Savings Banks and their total assets as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are as follows: 
 
 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
Name of the Savings Bank 
 
(EUR million) 
Aito Säästöpankki Oy................................................................................................................. 
1,327 
1,381 
Avain Säästöpankki .................................................................................................................... 
340 
327 
Ekenäs Sparbank Ab .................................................................................................................. 
226 
221 
Helmi Säästöpankki Oy .............................................................................................................. 
476 
462 
Kvevlax Sparbank ...................................................................................................................... 
269 
262 
Lammin Säästöpankki ................................................................................................................ 
595 
583 
Liedon Säästöpankki1 ................................................................................................................. 
- 
1,292 
Länsi-Uudenmaan Säästöpankki Oy........................................................................................... 
739 
757 
Myrskylän Säästöpankki ............................................................................................................ 
316 
298 
Nooa Säästöpankki Oy ............................................................................................................... 
822 
912 
Närpes Sparbank Ab................................................................................................................... 
506 
492 
Someron Säästöpankki ............................................................................................................... 
936 
742 
Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta ................................................................................................. 
226 
224 
Säästöpankki Optia ..................................................................................................................... 
1,852 
1,892 
Säästöpankki Sinetti ................................................................................................................... 
285 
288 
Total .......................................................................................................................................... 
8,916 
10,132 
Total Assets of the Group ........................................................................................................ 
13,206 
13,780 
1 On 1 March 2022 Mietoisten Säästöpankki conveyed all its business operations to Liedon Säästöpankki. 
The Savings Banks share joint liability for each others' debts and those of the Issuer and Sp Mortgage 
Bank Plc (subject to the limitations of the Amalgamation Act). At 31 December 2023, the combined assets 
of the Savings Banks were EUR 8,916 million (2022: EUR 10,132 million). By comparison the 
consolidated assets of the Group were EUR 13,206 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: EUR 13,780 
million). 
Corporate Structure 
The corporate structure of the Savings Banks takes one of two forms, either that of a traditional savings 
bank or a savings bank limited company. The highest level of decision making in the Savings Banks 
structured using the traditional savings bank form rests with the board of trustees of a Savings Bank (in 
Finnish: isännistö), who are representatives of the depositors and where relevant, of the holders of equity 
capital (in Finnish: kantarahasto-osuuksien omistajat) shareholders. The highest level of decision making

--- Page 124 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 117 - 
70-41071863 
 
in the Savings Banks which are structured as limited companies rests with the savings bank trusts at the 
annual general meeting, the boards of which are similarly comprised of representatives of the depositors. 
The board of trustees of a Savings Bank and the Savings Bank trusts at the annual general meeting elect 
the board for their respective Savings Banks. 
Union Co-op 
The Union Co-op was established in 1906 (prior to 30 April 2014: The Finnish Savings Banks 
Association), and is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland. The Union Co-op's financial 
year is one calendar year. The Union Co-op is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland, and registered in the Finnish 
Trade Register under the business identity code 0117011-6. Its registered address is Teollisuuskatu 33, 
FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. The Union Co-op is owned by the Savings Banks together with the Issuer 
and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. 
The Union Co-op is the central institution for the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op's bylaws supplement 
the Amalgamation Act. Decisions on amendments to the Union Co-op's bylaws shall be made by the 
general meeting of the Union Co-op in accordance with the Cooperatives Act and the Union Co-op's 
bylaws. The Union Co-op's bylaws retain, among other things, information on the Union Co-op's purpose, 
the control and supervision of the Amalgamation, withdrawal and expulsion of members, information on 
the general meetings of the Union Co-op, information on the duties and the election of the Union Co-op's 
management, representation of the Union Co-op, information on the shares and cooperative contribution, 
fees for the services provided to the Union Co-op's members, information on the Union Co-op's 
responsibility for debts of the Member Credit Institutions and information on the joint liability under the 
Amalgamation Act. 
The Union Co-op's key objective is to support and foster the competitiveness of the Savings Banks and 
the achievement of the Group's objectives. Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is 
responsible among other things for issuing guidelines on risk management, good corporate governance, 
internal control and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting principles in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group. For further information on the Union Co-op's role and its 
responsibility under the Amalgamation Act, see "The Amalgamation Act". 
According to Article 2 of its bylaws, the Union Co-op's objective is to provide services needed by the 
companies belonging to the Amalgamation, hold shares and participations in the companies belonging to 
the Amalgamation and to engage in other investment activities that may be justified from the perspective 
of the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op may not engage in any other material business. The Union Co-
op may arrange the services it is to provide through subsidiaries or other companies. The Union Co-op 
controls the centralised services of the Group, develops the business of the Group, sees to the strategic 
direction of the Group and the supervision of its interests and is in charge of the control and supervision 
duties that pertain to the central institution of an amalgamation and the undertaking at the head of a 
financial and insurance conglomerate. 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a credit institution may be accepted as the Union Co-op's 
member, provided that the credit institution's bylaws or articles of association under section 6 of the 
Amalgamation Act have been adopted. The decision on the adoption of the bylaws or the articles of 
association by the credit institution shall be valid only if the related proposal is supported by at least a 
two-thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of the co-operative or meeting of trustees of such 
credit institution (as the case may be) or if it is supported by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a 
general meeting of shareholders and two-thirds of shares represented at the meeting of such credit 
institution (as the case may be). 
The Union Co-op is tasked with promoting the development and co-operation of the Savings Banks and 
to act as their representative. Joint Savings Bank policies, most importantly the strategy, are decided by 
the general meeting of the Union Co-op. The Union Co-op attends to the business development, 
marketing, training provision and communications of the Savings Banks. 
The primary objective of the Union Co-op is to facilitate the achievement of the Amalgamation's shared 
strategic goals. The Union Co-op is responsible for the steering and oversight of the Amalgamation in 
accordance with the Amalgamation Act, as well as coordinating the centralised development and service 
provision functions of the Amalgamation.

--- Page 125 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 118 - 
70-41071863 
 
As part of the promotion of the interests of its members, the Union Co-op may enter into agreements on 
behalf and on the joint account of its members in accordance with the principles approved by the general 
meeting of the Union Co-op. The Union Co-op may not make decisions or take measures that are likely 
to result in unjust benefit to a member or another party to the detriment of the Union Co-op or another 
member. 
The shared support services required by the Savings Banks and product and service companies are 
organised in the Union Co-op. These centralised services relate to the Group's governance, steering, 
development, support services and the Group's ICT management. In terms of input-output, these services 
are best centralised for reasons of know-how, efficiency, and risk management. In addition, the treasury 
function and mortgage bank operations are handled by the Union Co-op in its role as the central 
institution's functional organisation, as these services also form a part of the centralised support services, 
and are only organised as a separate company for practical reasons. 
At 31 December 2023, the Union Co-op employed a staff of 124. 
Management of the Union Co-op 
The highest decision-making body of the Union Co-op is formed of the members in attendance at the 
Annual Meeting of the Union Co-op, which is attended by all member banks of the Union Co-op. An 
extraordinary meeting of the Union Co-op shall be convened if the board of directors of the Union Co-op 
finds it necessary or if it is required by law. The Annual Meeting elects the board of supervisors of the 
Union Co-op. Members of the board of supervisors include the chairpersons of the boards of directors of 
all Savings Banks or the chairperson of the board of supervisors, if the bank has such a body. The board 
of supervisors consists of no less than nine (9) and no more than thirty-five (35) members. 
The members of the Union Co-op at the Annual Meeting elect the board of directors (6–9 members) of 
the Union Co-op. The board of directors mainly consists of CEOs of the Savings Banks. The board of 
supervisors and board of directors of the Union Co-op establish committees to support their operation as 
required by the Credit Institutions Act and otherwise at their discretion. Each of these has an appropriate 
charter, detailing its purpose, composition, operation and functions. 
The Union Co-op's board of directors has the following committees: the Audit Committee, Risk 
Committee and the Asset and Liability Management Committee. 
Board of supervisors of the Union Co-op 
The supervisory board is responsible for supervising the management of the Union Co-op, as carried out 
by the board of directors and the CEO, as well as supervising the expert and diligent management of the 
Union Co-op's activities in accordance with the Cooperatives Act and the interests of the central institution 
and the Group. In particular, the board of supervisors is responsible for maintaining and promoting 
internal cooperation within the Group. The supervisory board may issue instructions to the board of 
directors regarding matters that are extensive or significant in terms of principle. In addition, the 
supervisory board shall (1) give a statement to the general meeting of the Union Co-op on the Group's 
strategy and other shared objectives and operating principles; (2) confirm the Group's rules of audit and 
operating principles of audit; (3) give a statement to the annual general meeting of the Union Co-op on 
the financial statements, consolidated financial statements and annual report; (4) decide upon a 
prohibition on returning the subscription prices paid for shares and upon the revocation of such 
prohibition; and (5) handle other matters upon the proposal of the board of directors. The supervisory 
board has established two permanent committees, the Appointment Committee and the Remuneration 
Committee. 
Board of directors of the Union Co-op 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Union Co-op's board of directors were: Ms. 
Pirkko Ahonen, the CEO of Aito Säästöpankki Oy; Ms. Tuula Heikkinen, Vice President, Customer 
Channels of Telia Finland Oyj; Mr. Eero Laesterä, Doctor of Administrative Sciences; Mr. Simo Leisti, 
the CEO of Futurice Oy; Mr. Robin Lindahl, the CEO of Aurora Infrastructure Oy; Ms. Monika Mangs, 
the CEO of Närpiön Säästöpankki Oy; Mr. Veli-Pekka Mattila, a member of the board of Länsi-

--- Page 126 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 119 - 
70-41071863 
 
Uudenmaan Säästöpankki; Mr. Heikki Paasonen, the CEO of Säästöpankki Optia; Mr. Petri Siviranta, the 
CEO of Someron Säästöpankki 
 and Hannu Syvänen, Managing Director of Säästöpankki Sinetti. 
Conflicts of Interests 
Except for the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act, there are no conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Union Co-op's administrative and management bodies to the Union Co-op 
and their other duties and private interests. 
CEO and Deputy CEO 
Mr. Karri Alameri was appointed as the CEO of the Union Co-op as of 16 August 2022. Mr. Kai Koskela 
acts as deputy to the CEO. In accordance with the provisions of the Cooperatives Act, the CEO shall see 
to the executive management of the Union Co-op. Furthermore, the CEO shall execute the strategy of the 
Group in accordance with the instructions and orders given by the board of directors, prepare the matters 
to be presented to the board of directors and assist the board of directors in preparing the matters to be 
presented to the supervisory board. 
The business address of the CEO and the Deputy CEO is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
Corporate Governance 
The activities of the Group comply with the provisions of current legislation, orders issued by the 
authorities, good banking practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, 
as well as the Group's corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines. 
The Group's governance policies are approved by the board of directors of the Union Co-op and updated 
at least once a year or whenever there are changes in the operational environment, business model, 
regulations, and/or statutory requirements. 
The activities of the Amalgamation and its central institution, the Union Co-op, are regulated by EU and 
national legislation and regulation. The relevant national statutes are contained in the Credit Institutions 
Act, the Amalgamation Act, the Savings Bank Act and the Cooperatives Act. In addition, the 
Amalgamation operates in accordance with good banking practice and the procedural regulations 
concerning personal data processing. 
The corporate governance in accordance with the governance policies comprises the board of directors 
and executive directors, relations between the shareholders and other stakeholder groups, the setting of 
targets, deciding on the means of attaining them, and monitoring performance. Implementation of 
corporate governance policies is promoted by a clear frame of reference, consistently and 
comprehensively documented guidelines, and clearly defined decision-making levels. 
The Group attempts to minimise the realisation of operative risks by continuously developing its 
personnel and by putting in place extensive policies and internal control measures, which include the 
separation, where possible, of preparatory work, decision-making, implementation and monitoring. 
The risks of new products or services shall be assessed before introduction. An assessment shall also be 
performed at the introduction of a new service package if products and services are combined in a new 
way. The Union Co-op is responsible for internal control and risk management processes as required 
when new products or services are being introduced. 
The Union Co-op is responsible for the Amalgamation's risk management and has established a risk 
committee. The risk committee assists the Union Co-op's board of directors and operative management 
and its tasks include, but are not limited to, the preparation of Amalgamation-level risk strategies and 
limits, monitoring that the Member Credit Institutions' risk strategies are in compliance with the 
Amalgamation-level risk strategies, assessments of the Member Credit Institutions' credit risks and 
management of the capital adequacy. 
Auditor of the Union Co-op 
The Union Co-op has one auditor, which is required to be an authorised public accountant approved by 
the Auditor oversight of the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor also audits the

--- Page 127 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 120 - 
70-41071863 
 
consolidated financial statements as referred to in the Amalgamation Act. The consolidated financial 
statements as referred to in the Amalgamation Act for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 have been incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference and have been audited 
by KPMG Oy Ab, with Authorised Public Accountant Mikko Kylliäinen as principal auditor. The 
business address of the auditors and the auditors' firm is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00101 Helsinki, 
Finland. 
Strategy of the Savings Banks 
The Savings Banks focus on retail banking and in particular day-to-day banking, saving and investing, 
and lending services. The Savings Banks' products and services portfolio covers all key banking needs of 
private and corporate customers alike. These are complemented by the financial-sector services and 
products provided in collaboration with our partners. The Savings Banks' main customer focus is on 
household, SME customers and agricultural customers. 
The basic objective of the Savings Banks is to promote thrift, the financial well-being of its customers 
and to operate near its customers. The Savings Banks' success is based on good profitability, cost-
effectiveness, financial solidity, and risk management. Business development, risk-bearing capacity, 
dependable operations and security all rest on the foundation of a capital adequacy buffer. The goal of the 
Savings Banks is that an increasing number of Finnish customers will select a Savings Bank as their 
principal bank due to their customer-oriented approach and responsible operations. 
Despite the above, each of the Savings Banks operates individually and has its own strategy linked to the 
Group-level strategy. 
Service Companies and Associated Companies 
In addition to the Issuer, the Group has several service companies. Sp Mortgage Bank Plc, Sp-Fund 
Management Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd belong to the Amalgamation. Sp-Life 
Insurance Ltd, Sp-Koti Oy and Säästöpankkien Holding Oy do not belong to the Amalgamation but they 
are part of the Group. The service companies belonging to the Group are owned by the Member Credit 
Institutions, which provide financing for the service companies if required. In addition, the Group or 
companies belonging to the Group own shares in the associated companies. 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc has been a member of the Union Co-op and belonged to the Amalgamation since 
21 March 2016. Sp Mortgage Bank Plc operated as a mortgage credit bank (kiinnitysluottopankki) under 
the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (the "MCBA"; in Finnish: Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010). The MCBA was be repealed on 8 July 2022 by the new 
Covered Bond Act (the "CBA"; in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 
151/2022) which implements Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") into Finland. On 21 March 2016, the ECB granted 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc the authorisation to act as a mortgage bank. The mortgage bank operation was 
launched on 29 March 2016. Currently Sp Mortgage Bank Plc operates as a mortgage credit bank under 
the CBA. The role of Sp Mortgage Bank within the Group is, together with the Issuer, to be responsible 
for obtaining funding for the Group from the money and capital markets. Sp Mortgage Bank Plc is 
responsible for the Group's mortgage-secured funding by issuing covered bonds. Sp Mortgage Bank Plc 
does not have independent customer business operations or a service network; instead, the Savings Banks 
that belong to the Amalgamation intermediate and sell residential mortgage loans for Sp Mortgage Bank 
Plc. The Savings Banks also take care of the local customer relationship management. Only Savings 
Banks belonging to the Amalgamation can act as intermediary banks for Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. 
Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd is a fund management company owned by the Savings Banks that 
provides the Savings Banks and their customers with services in fund and asset management. Established 
in 2003, it promotes long-term saving and serves as the investment markets expert unit for the Savings 
Banks. In addition to the Savings Banks Oma Savings Bank Plc and banks in the POP Bank Group act as 
distributors for funds of Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd. As at 31 December 2023, the company 
administered 24 mutual funds (UCITS) and 9 alternative investment funds (AIFs) with a total capital of 
EUR 4.7 billion (31 December 2022: EUR 4.2 billion). The number of fund unit holders at that time was 
285,975 (31 December 2022: 283,556).

--- Page 128 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 121 - 
70-41071863 
 
Sp-Life Insurance Ltd complements the Savings Banks' core business and strategy of saving and 
investment. The company offers life insurance products and services for private customers and corporate 
saving, investment and personal risk coverage. 
Sp-Koti Oy is a real estate agent franchising entity, which coordinates and upholds the Savings Bank 
values within the real estate franchise. Sp-Koti Oy offers a franchising opportunity to local estate agents 
to benefit from the use of the Savings Banks logo and the strong support provided by their local Savings 
Bank. Its operation covers the entire country. As at 31 December 2023, Sp-Koti Oy included 35 
companies (31 December 2022: 37 companies), one own unit and four entrepreneurs using a trading name.  
Savings Bank Services Ltd commenced its operations in June 2017 and was established through a merger 
of two back office companies, SP Back Office Oy and SP Taustataiturit Oy, and through business transfers 
of three banks. 
Figure Taloushallinto Oy (until 25 August 2020 PP-laskenta Oy) provides ﬁnancial institutions and their 
subsidiaries and central organisations with ﬁnancial management, payroll management and risk 
management services as well as accounting services and related training, communication and advisory 
services. The Union Co-op acquired PP-laskenta Oy from Samlink Ltd in equal shares with three other 
banking groups on 31 August 2018.  The Group was already a customer of PP-Laskenta Oy previously 
and the transaction does not change any previous practices between the companies. 
Recent Events 
The board of directors of the Union Co-op is not aware of any factors which would materially influence 
the financial position of the Group after 31 December 2023. 
Risk-bearing capacity and capital adequacy 
The capital adequacy requirements set out in the Credit Institutions Act are determined based on the 
combined Amalgamation's operations which are based on the Amalgamation Act, which became effective 
as of 1 July 2010. Owing to the regulations on joint liability and security conditions prescribed in the 
Amalgamation Act, a minimum amount of capital resources has been set aside for the Amalgamation, 
calculated according to the regulations for capital adequacy specified in the Credit Institutions Act and 
CRR Regulation, which entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
The Amalgamation Act is based on the principle that the amalgamation is structurally stable and 
permanent. Therefore, it is a prerequisite for withdrawal from the membership that the capital adequacy 
calculated for the Amalgamation will remain as regulated irrespective of the withdrawal. The payment 
liability of an entity belonging to the joint liability shall also apply to a former member which has 
withdrawn or been expelled from the Amalgamation, if less than five years have passed since the end of 
the financial year in which such entity withdrew or was expelled from the Amalgamation when a demand 
regarding payment liability is made on the former member. 
Capital adequacy of the Amalgamation 
As at 31 December 2023, the Amalgamation's capital structure consisted primarily of CET1 capital. Total 
own funds were EUR 1,034.4 million (31 December 2022: EUR 1,090.5 million), of which CET1 capital 
accounted for EUR 1,031.4 million (31 December 2022: EUR 1,090.5 million). During the review period, 
Tier 2 (T2) capital accounted for EUR 3.02 million (31 December 2022: EUR 0.03 million), which 
consisted of debentures. Risk-weighted assets amounted to EUR 5,302.2 million (31 December 2022: 
EUR 5,837.3 million), i.e. they were 9.2 per cent. lower than at the end of the previous year. The decrease 
in own funds and risk-weighted receivables relative to the end of 2022 is attributable to Lieto Savings 
Bank exiting the Amalgamation. During the period under review, capital adequacy was improved by the 
profit for the period and the increased value of investment portfolio items measures through 
comprehensive income. The capital ratio of the Amalgamation was 19.5 per cent. (31 December 2022: 
18.7 per cent.) and the CET1 capital ratio was 19.5 per cent. (31 December 2022: 18.7 per cent.). 
The standard method is used to calculate the capital requirement to the credit risk of Savings Banks. The 
capital requirement to operational risk is calculated by the basic method. The capital requirement relating 
to market risk is calculated with the basic method on the foreign-exchange position.

--- Page 129 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 122 - 
70-41071863 
 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a new banking package to 
implement the final Basel III regulation in the EU. The proposed amendments to the EU's Capital 
Requirements Regulation (CRR3), which are intended to enter into force from the beginning of 2025, are 
not expected to have a material impact on the capital adequacy of the Issuer. 
In May 2023, the Finnish Stability Authority set a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL requirement) for the Amalgamation and Sp Mortgage Bank Plc. The requirement does 
not apply to the member credit institutions or the Issuer. The MREL requirement is by nature a Pillar II 
type minimum requirement that must be met continuously. The Financial Stability Authority decided that 
the MREL requirement applied to the Amalgamation is 20.53 per cent of the total risk exposure amount 
or 7.74 per cent of the total exposures, whichever is higher.  
 
The Amalgamation 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
OWN FUNDS 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital before regulatory adjustments ......................  
1,087,314 
1,138,741 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) .............................  
-55,909 
-48,237 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ............................................................  
1,031,404 
1,090,504 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments ...............................  
0 
0 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital .............................  
0 
0 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital .......................................................................................  
0 
0 
Tier 1 capital (T1=CET1+AT1) .....................................................................  
1,031,404 
1,090,504 
Tier 2 (T2) capital before regulatory adjustments ................................................  
3,015 
28 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 (T2) capital ..............................................  
0 
0 
Tier 2 (T2) capital ...........................................................................................................  
3,015 
28 
Total capital (TC=T1+T2) ..............................................................................................  
1,034,419 
1,090,533 
Risk weighted assets ...................................................................................  
5,302,169 
5,837,252 
 
of which: credit and counterparty risk .........................................................  
4,642,885 
5,237,903 
 
of which: credit valuation adjustment (CVA) ................................................  
37,250 
23,115 
 
of which: market risk .............................................................................  
 
 
 
of which: operational risk ........................................................................  
622,034 
576,235 
Common Equity Tier 1 (as a percentage of risk exposure amount) ..........................  
19.5% 
18.7 % 
Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)  ...................................................  
19.5% 
18.7 % 
Total capital (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)  .........................................   
19.5% 
18.7 % 
Capital requirement  
 
 
Total capital requirement.................................................................................................  
1,034,419 
1,090,533 
Capital requirement total(1) ..............................................................................................  
638,827 
702,048 
 
of which: Pillar 2 Additional capital requirement .....................................................  
79,533 
87,559 
Capital buffer ..................................................................................................................  
395,592 
388,485 
 _______________  
(1) 
The capital requirement is formed by the statutory minimum capital adequacy requirement of 8 per cent., the capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. according to the Credit Institutions Act, the 1.5 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement set by the 
FIN-FSA and the country-specific countercyclical capital requirements of foreign exposures.

--- Page 130 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 123 - 
70-41071863 
 
 
The Group 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022* 
  
 
(EUR, thousands) 
INCOME STATEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ...........................................................................................  
478,708 
204,880 
Interest expenses ..............................................................................................................  
-214,947 
-35,270 
Net interest income.........................................................................................................  
263,761 
169,610 
Net fee and commission income .....................................................................  
126,397 
128,570 
Net investment income .................................................................................  
-4,145 
-112,553 
Net life insurance income ..............................................................................  
3,755 
-1,056 
Other operating revenue ...............................................................................  
21,062 
44,966 
Total operating revenue ..............................................................................  
377,995 
305,154 
Personnel expenses......................................................................................  
-94,262 
-87,044 
Other operating expenses ..............................................................................  
-126,774 
-110,889 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets .........................................................................................  
 
-20,452 
Total operating expenses .............................................................................  
-232,492 
-218,385 
 
 
 
Net impairment loss on financial assets ............................................................  
-9,988 
-15,882 
Associate's share of profits ............................................................................  
14 
16 
Profit before tax ........................................................................................  
135,529 
70,903 
Taxes .......................................................................................................  
-30,042 
-14,736 
Profit ......................................................................................................  
108,199 
67,419 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the Group ...........................................................................  
108,199 
67,438 
Non-controlling interests ..............................................................................  
-9 
-20 
Total .......................................................................................................  
108,199 
67,419 
 _______________  
* 
Comparatives have been adjusted due to the exit from the Group, the transition to IRS 17 as well as termination of the use of 
temporary exemption.

--- Page 131 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 124 - 
70-41071863 
 
 _______________  
* 
Comparatives have been adjusted due to the exit from the Group, the transition to IRS 17 as well as termination of the use of 
temporary exemption. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022* 
 
(Audited) 
 
(EUR thousands) 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................... 
1,431,712 
1,207,448 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ......................................................... 
179,140 
205,047 
Loans and advances to customers .................................................................................. 
9,539,206 
9,024,439 
Derivatives .............................................................................................. 
16,649 
89 
Investment assets ...................................................................................... 
895,223 
926,864 
Assets covering unit-linked contract ............................................................... 
908,402 
855,427 
Assets related to insurance contracts ............................................................................. 
1,073 
925 
Assets related to reinsurance contracts ………………………………………………… 
375 
16 
Investments in associates and joint ventures ………………………………………….. 
133 
119 
Property, plant and equipment ...................................................................... 
40,605 
39,093 
Intangible assets........................................................................................ 
40,622 
27,690 
Tax assets ............................................................................................... 
14,982 
19,840 
Other assets ................................................................................................................... 
138,292 
103,303 
Demerged assets from the Group .................................................................................. 
 
1,369,986 
Total Assets .................................................................................................................. 
13,206,415 
13,780,287 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ......................................... 
38,096 
18,107 
Liabilities to credit institutions ...................................................................... 
620,868 
450,946 
Liabilities to customers ............................................................................... 
7,016,823 
6,994,366 
Derivatives .............................................................................................. 
174,215 
263,422 
Debt securities issued ................................................................................. 
2,946,738 
2,756,666 
Unit-linked contract liability ........................................................................ 
420,446 
373,032 
Insurance contract liability …………………………………………………………… 
571,387 
571,317 
Subordinated liabilities ............................................................................... 
3,257 
2,142 
Tax liabilities ........................................................................................... 
68,004 
68,558 
Provisions and other liabilities ...................................................................... 
208,631 
133,816 
Demerged liabilities from the Group ............................................................................. 
 
969,816 
Total liabilities ............................................................................................................. 
12,068,464 
12,601,441 
 
Equity  
 
Basic capital ............................................................................................ 
50,183 
25,224 
Primary capital 
31,452 
31,452 
Reserves ................................................................................................. 
242,499 
191,138 
Retained earnings ...................................................................................... 
812,654 
929,668 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Group ................................. 
1,136,788 
1,177,482 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................. 
1,162 
1,365 
Total equity .................................................................................................................. 
1,137,950 
1,178,847 
Total liabilities and equity .......................................................................................... 
13,206,415 
13,780,287

--- Page 132 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 125 - 
70-41071863 
 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in 
Finnish laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended), (the "Amalgamation Act") as of 
the date hereof. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of 
the Finnish legislative and EEA regulatory framework for the Amalgamation. 
General 
The Amalgamation Act lays down requirements set for the operations of the Union Co-op acting as a 
central institution for the Amalgamation and the companies belonging to the Amalgamation. 
The Amalgamation is formed of (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's 
consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Sp Mortgage Bank Plc and the Issuer, (d) the companies 
belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such credit 
institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) 
above combined own more than half of the voting rights (including Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd, 
and Savings Bank Services Ltd). 
Supervision 
The Union Co-op, the Member Credit Institutions and other companies within the Amalgamation shall 
be supervised by the FIN-FSA as laid down in the Amalgamation Act and the Act on the Financial 
Supervision Authority. The Member Credit Institutions shall be supervised also by the Union Co-op as 
laid down herein. 
The Union Co-op shall exercise oversight to ensure that the companies within the Amalgamation operate 
in accordance with the laws, decrees and regulations issued by the relevant authorities governing financial 
markets, and their own rules or articles of associations and the instructions issued by the Union Co-op by 
virtue of the Amalgamation Act. It is the Union Co-op's duty to supervise the financial position and the 
operations of the companies within the Amalgamation in accordance with the provisions of the 
Amalgamation Act. 
The FIN-FSA oversees the Union Co-op so that it controls and supervises the operations of its Member 
Credit Institutions in accordance with the provisions of the Amalgamation Act.  
Licence of the Union Co-op 
The FIN-FSA issued a central institution's licence to the Union Co-op on 16 October 2014. 
The FIN-FSA may cancel the central institution's licence if the Amalgamation no longer fulfils the capital 
requirements laid down in section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. Section 19 of the Amalgamation Act sets 
forth the requirements for the financial position of the Amalgamation and requires, inter alia, that the 
companies within the Amalgamation must together have own funds of the minimum amount provided for 
in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act, the amount shall be calculated in accordance with 
what is provided for the calculation of consolidated own funds in CRR Regulation. Additionally, pursuant 
to section 26 of the Act on the Financial Supervision Authority, the FIN-FSA may cancel the licence for 
example if the essential statutory conditions under which authorisation was granted or business was taken 
up no longer exist, or if the operations of the Union Co-op constitute a material breach of the provisions 
governing financial markets or the regulations issued thereunder by the authorities, the terms of 
authorisation or the rules applicable to the operations of the Union Co-op. 
The rights and obligations of the Union Co-op, based on the provisions of Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation 
Act, which have been established prior to cancellation of the licence, shall not expire owing to said 
cancellation. 
Joint liability of the Amalgamation 
In summary, the Amalgamation Act prescribes the following with respect to the joint liability of the 
Amalgamation:

--- Page 133 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 126 - 
70-41071863 
 
(a) 
Union Co-op's liability for debt: The Union Co-op must pay to each Member Credit Institution 
an amount that is necessary in order to prevent such Member Credit Institution's liquidation. The 
Union Co-op is responsible for the payments of any debts of a Member Credit Institution that 
cannot be paid using such Member Credit Institution's own funds. 
(b) 
Joint liability of Member Credit Institutions: A Member Credit Institution must pay to the Union 
Co-op a proportionate share of the amount which the Union Co-op has paid either to another 
Member Credit Institution as part of the support action described above, or to a creditor of such 
Member Credit Institution as payment of a due debt for which the creditor has not received 
payment from his debtor. Furthermore, upon the insolvency of the Union Co-op a Member Credit 
Institution has an unlimited liability to pay the debts of the Union Co-op as set out in Chapter 14 
of the Cooperatives Act. 
(c) 
Each Member Credit Institution's liability, for the amount which the Union Co-op has paid on 
behalf of one Member Credit Institution to its creditors, is divided between the remaining 
Member Credit Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals. 
(d) 
Member Credit Institution's obligation to participate in support actions: If the funds of any 
Member Credit Institution fall below the minimum threshold set out in the Credit Institutions Act 
or the Amalgamation Act, as the case may be, the Union Co-op is entitled to receive credit from 
the other Member Credit Institution by collecting additional repayable payments from them to 
be used to support actions to prevent liquidation of the Member Credit Institution whose funds 
have fallen below the minimum threshold. The annual aggregate amount of the payments 
collected from the Member Credit Institution on this basis may in each accounting period be a 
maximum amount of 0.5 per. cent of the last adopted balance sheet total of each Member Credit 
Institution. 
(e) 
Union Co-op's liability to pay a Member Credit Institution's overdue debt: A creditor who has 
not received payment from a Member Credit Institution on a due receivable (principal debt) may 
demand payment from the Union Co-op, when the principal debt falls due. Such creditor's claim 
against the Union Co-op will have the same priority ranking as the claim against the Member 
Credit Institution. As a result, pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is responsible 
for the payment of such debts. Having made such payment, the Union Co-op has a right to collect 
proportionate shares of the payment from Member Credit Institutions as described in paragraph 
(b) above. 
The Amalgamation Act is based on the principle that the Amalgamation is structurally stable and 
permanent. Therefore, it is a prerequisite for leaving the membership that the solvency calculated for the 
Amalgamation will remain above the minimum level required by applicable regulation irrespective of 
such member leaving and after taking into consideration any related liabilities. A member that has left the 
Union Co-op will be subject to joint liability even after this, if a liability for a payment arises within five 
years from the end of the financial year following the departure and if the payment claim is made to the 
credit institution less than five years from the end of the calendar year when the Member Credit Institution 
left the Union Co-op. This period of time is designed to ensure that the Member Credit Institution cannot 
intentionally avoid its joint liability in accordance with law by leaving the Union Co-op if another 
Member Credit Institution is threatened by liquidation. 
Entities other than the Member Credit Institutions do not fall within the scope of the joint liability. 
The Amalgamation Act has been amended under the Finnish national legislation that implements the 
Banking Reform Package. Under the amended Amalgamation Act, the potential bail-in of MREL eligible 
instruments issued by one member institution may be utilised for covering losses of the central institution 
or the other member credit institutions or for the recapitalisation of the central institution or the other 
Member Credit Institutions of the Amalgamation. 
Responsibilities of the Union Co-op 
Under the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is responsible for issuing guidelines on risk management, 
good corporate governance, internal control and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting 
principles in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamation to the Member Credit 
Institutions, with the aim of ensuring its liquidity and capital adequacy. The Union Co-op also supervises

--- Page 134 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 127 - 
70-41071863 
 
the Member Credit Institutions' compliance with applicable rules and regulations in respect of their 
financial position, any regulations issued by the relevant supervising authorities, their statutes and Articles 
of Association. The obligation to issue guidelines and exercise supervision does not however give the 
Union Co-op the power to direct the business operations of the Member Credit Institutions. Each Member 
Credit Institution carries on its business independently within the scope of its own resources. 
Responsibilities of the Savings Banks 
According to section 18 of the Amalgamation Act, a company within the Amalgamation may not, in the 
course of its operations, take any risk of such magnitude that it poses a substantial danger to the 
consolidated capital adequacy or liquidity of the companies within the amalgamation. 
According to section 19 of the Amalgamation Act, companies within the Amalgamation must together 
have own funds of the minimum amount provided for in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions 
Act. The amount shall be calculated in accordance with what is provided for the calculation of 
consolidated own funds in the CRR Regulation. 
On joint liability of the Member Credit Institutions, see "―Joint liability of the Amalgamation". 
Consolidated accounts of the Union Co-op and the Member Credit Institutions 
The provisions of the Credit Institutions Act apply to the preparation of the Union Co-op's financial 
statements and consolidated financial statements and audit. A Member Credit Institution is not subject to 
provisions governing interim and annual reports prescribed by Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit 
Institutions Act. 
The Union Co-op shall prepare its financial statements based on the accounts of its Member Credit 
Institutions consolidated into those of the Union Co-op or on the consolidated financial statements, 
complying with the IFRS. The consolidated financial statements also include institutions over which the 
above mentioned institutions jointly have control as prescribed in the Accounting Act. The Group's 
financial statements, prepared by the Union Co-op, are prepared in accordance with the requirements set 
forth in the Amalgamation Act. In the event that IFRS cannot be applied owing to the special structure of 
the Amalgamation, the Union Co-op's board of directors shall adopt comparable accounting standards 
suited to the structure of the Amalgamation. 
The Union Co-op's auditors shall audit the consolidated financial statements, by complying with the 
provisions of the Credit Institutions Act where applicable, which must be presented and notified to the 
annual general meeting of the Union Co-op. 
The Member Credit Institutions shall keep a copy of the financial statements available for public 
inspection and provide copies thereof in compliance with the provisions under Chapter 12, section 11, 
subsections 2 and 4 of the Credit Institutions Act. The financial statements of the Union Co-op and its 
Member Credit Institutions as well as their subsidiaries must be combined to form the consolidated half-
year and annual reports pursuant, as appropriate, to the provisions of section 9 of the Amalgamation Act 
and Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit Institutions Act. The Union Co-op's Member Credit Institutions 
must give a copy of the consolidated half-year report to anyone who requests it. 
A Member Credit Institution shall provide the Union Co-op with the information necessary for the 
consolidation of accounts. In addition, the Union Co-op and its auditor shall have the right to obtain a 
copy of the documents relating to the Member Credit Institution's audit for carrying out the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements, notwithstanding provisions elsewhere in the law governing 
confidentiality in respect of the credit institution and its auditor. 
Withdrawal and/or expulsion of Savings Banks 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a Member Credit Institution may leave the Union Co-op by 
making amendments to the relevant provisions of its rules or articles of association and by notifying the 
board of directors of the Union Co-op of this in writing, provided the combined amount of the own funds 
of the companies remaining in the Amalgamation remains in compliance with section 19 of the 
Amalgamation Act after the departure of the Member Credit Institution. The decision is only valid if 
supported by a two thirds majority of the shareholders of the leaving Member Credit Institution. Section 
19 of the Amalgamation Act provides that the amount of own funds required for companies within the

--- Page 135 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 128 - 
70-41071863 
 
Amalgamation is set forth in the Credit Institutions Act and calculated in accordance with the CRR 
Regulation. The preservation of solvency must be demonstrated with a calculation verified by the central 
cooperative's auditors. 
A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the Union Co-op if it has neglected its duties arising 
from the membership or in case it has, irrespective of a warning issued by the board of directors, failed 
to comply with the instructions issued by the Union Co-op by virtue of the Amalgamation Act in a manner 
that significantly endangers the management of liquidity or capital adequacy or the application of the 
standardised accounting policies or supervision of compliance with said policies, or in case a Member 
Credit Institution, otherwise acts in material breach of the Amalgamation's general operating principles 
adopted by the Union Co-op. The decision on the expulsion of a Member Credit Institution shall be 
decided by a general meeting of the Union Co-op. The expulsion decision shall be valid only if supported 
by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of the Union Co-op. 
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act on the payment liability of a Member Credit Institution also 
apply to a credit institution which has left the membership of the Union Co-op, if the payment claim is 
made to the credit institution less than five years from the end of the calendar year when the credit 
institution left the membership.

--- Page 136 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 129 - 
70-41071863 
 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and tax 
practice in Finland. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers and furthermore, do 
not constitute legal or tax advice. Prospective Noteholders who are not resident in Finland for tax 
purposes and are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other 
jurisdiction should consult their professional advisers. It should be noted that the tax laws of Finland 
and/or relevant tax practice may be amended possibly with retroactive effect. 
Finnish Taxation of Notes 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law payments in respect of the Notes and the Coupons will be exempt 
from all taxes, duties and fees of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland 
or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except such 
taxation the holder or beneficial owner of the Note or Coupon to which any such payment relates is subject 
to thereon by reason of such holder being connected with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely 
by the holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of income therefrom. 
Finnish Capital Gains Taxes 
Noteholders who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland will not be subject to Finnish 
duties or taxes on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes and Coupons. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution"(as defined in FATCA), may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect 
and pursuant to Finnish domestic legislation, a Finnish foreign financial institution (Finland being an IGA 
jurisdiction) would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication 
of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 17 
(Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA or any of its country-level implementation. Holders should consult their 
own tax adviser(s) regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 137 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 130 - 
70-41071863 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers 
are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 17 April 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe 
for Notes may be subject to certain conditions precedent as agreed at the time of an issuance of Notes, 
including (among other things) receipt of legal opinions from counsel. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that 
Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution 
is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms 
as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several 
and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered 
or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 138 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 131 - 
70-41071863 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the

--- Page 139 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 132 - 
70-41071863 
 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Finnish Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not publicly offer the Notes or 
bring the Notes into general circulation in the Republic of Finland other than in compliance with all 
applicable provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish 
Securities Market Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) and any regulation 
made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer 
be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 133 - 
70-41071863 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by duly convened meetings of the Board 
of the Issuer passed/given on 24 February 2015, 18 March 2015, 19 March 2015, 7 April 2015 
and the 2024 update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the Board 
of the Issuer passed/given on 9 April 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to 
time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
There are no governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Union Co-op and/or the Group is 
aware), which may have, or which have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Union Co-op 
and/or the Group (and the Union Co-op and/or the Group are not aware of any such proceedings 
being pending or threatened). 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor any significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Auditors 
4. 
The unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 by KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants, 
members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, who have given, and have 
not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form 
and context in which it is included.  
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited without qualification for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 by KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants, 
members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, who have given, and have 
not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form 
and context in which it is included. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) will be available 
for 
inspection 
at 
the 
offices 
of 
the 
Issuer 
or 
at 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/the-savings-bank-centre/central-bank-of-
savings-banks and from the specified office of the Paying Agent in London for 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2023; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2023; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 141 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 134 - 
70-41071863 
 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The English versions of documents translated from the Finnish original are direct and accurate 
translations. In the event of an inconsistency between the original and translation, the Finnish 
language version will prevail. 
Material Contracts 
7. 
The Issuer does not have any material contracts that were not entered into in the ordinary course 
of the Issuer's business. 
8. 
The Union Co-op does not have any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Union Co-op's business. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7437000I5X6LNQOW6U59. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
Language 
12. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Listing Agent 
13. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 142 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 135 - 
70-41071863 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from 
time to time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may 
from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in 
investment banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer 
or its affiliates. 
Issuer website 
15. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/the-savings-bank-
centre/central-bank-of-savings-banks. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements 
16. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 143 ---
10281075340-v10 
- 136 - 
70-41071863 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc 
Teollisuuskatu 33 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
DEALERS 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115  
Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law: 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki  
Finland 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AUDITORS TO THE SAVINGS BANK GROUP 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland