--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Sacyr, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
€500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) which 
replaces the previous Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2020, Sacyr, S.A. (“Sacyr” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
will not at any time exceed €500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one 
or more of the Dealers specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer of 
the quality of the notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID 
II”). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme provides that Notes 
may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each Tranche of Notes (as described below) will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” as 
completed by a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered 
to the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation the minimum specified denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
The Notes will be in bearer form. The Notes of each Tranche will be represented on issue by a temporary global note or a permanent 
global note (each a “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note form, 
they will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in new global note 
form will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. See “Form of the Notes”. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market –The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the United Kingdom ("UK") by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2020 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under floating rate notes may be calculated by reference to either the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
EURIBOR and LIBOR constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) 
and/or the EU Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark 
Regulation"). EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“MMI”), and LIBOR is provided and 
administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, MMI is authorised as a benchmark 
administrator, and included on, the register of administrators and benchmarks (the "EU Benchmark Register") established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE does not appear on the EU Benchmarks Register. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus to reflect any change in the registration status of any 
administrator.  
 
Arranger 
 
 
 
Banca March 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
Banca March 
BBVA  
Bestinver  
CaixaBank  
Deutsche Bank  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Morgan Stanley 
PKF ATTEST  
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). This Base Prospectus 
is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. 
The validity of the Base Prospectus shall expire on the evening of 18 May 2022. Any obligation to supplement a base prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a base prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 May 2021

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Arranger or the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
other offering materials in relation to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Spanish tax implications and procedures in connection 
with an investment in the Notes (see “Risk Factors – Risks in relation to the Notes – Risks in relation to 
Spanish withholding tax” and “Taxation – Taxation in Spain”). No comment is made or advice is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers in respect of taxation matters relating to the Notes. Investors must seek their 
own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
facilities and/or securitization transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform financial and 
non-financial activities and services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of 
the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates, including parent companies, that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to them consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates, 
including parent companies, may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Finan-cial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by potential investors as 
a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
INTERPRETATION 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro” and “€” refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended from time to time. 
In this Base Prospectus the words “Group” refer to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
As used in this Base Prospectus, the term “IFRS-EU” refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. In case there is any discrepancy between the English 
text and the Spanish text, the English text stands approved for the purposes of approval under the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with 
IFRS-EU accounting standards. The Group believes that these alternative performance measures (as defined in 
the European Securities and Markets Authority guidelines (the “ESMA Guidelines”) on Alternative Performance 
Measures (“APMs”) provide useful supplementary information to both investors and to the Group’s management 
to assess the Group’s performance. However, investors should note that, since not all companies calculate financial 
measures, such as the APMs presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus, in the same manner, these are not 
always directly comparable to performance metrics used by other companies. Additionally, the APMs presented 
by the Group in this Base Prospectus are unaudited and have not been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU or 
any other accounting standards. Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for 
measures defined according to IFRS-EU. The Group considers that the following metrics (which are set out below 
along with their reconciliation, to the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS-EU) presented 
in this Base Prospectus constitute APMs for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines: 
• 
“EBITDA”: is calculated as profit for the period from continuing operations, after adding back income 
tax benefit, share of (loss)/profit of associates carried out under the equity method, finance expense net 
and depreciation, amortization and impairment charges of the Group. 
• 
“Gross debt”: comprises non-current financial debt and current financial debt as shown on the liabilities 
side of the consolidated statement of financial position, which include bank borrowings and issues in 
capital markets (bonds).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
• 
“Net debt”: calculated as gross debt less other current financial assets and cash and cash equivalents, 
from the asset side of the consolidated statement of financial position. 
• 
“Project debt” (gross or net): the financial debt (gross or net) from project companies. In this type of 
debt, the guarantee received by the lender is limited to the project cash flow and its asset value, with 
limited recourse to shareholders. 
• 
“Corporate debt” (gross or net): debt incurred by Sacyr, comprising bank borrowings and issues in 
capital markets. 
• 
“Backlog”: value of awarded and closed work contracts pending completion. These contracts are 
included in the backlog once they are formalised. The backlog is shown as the percentage attributable 
to the Group, as per the corresponding consolidation method. Once a contract has been included in the 
backlog, the value of production pending completion on the contract remains in the backlog, until it is 
completed or cancelled. Nevertheless, valuation adjustments are made to reflect any changes in prices 
and time periods agreed with the client. Due to a number of factors, all or part of the backlog linked to 
a contract may not actually become income. The Group’s backlog is subject to adjustments and 
cancellation of projects, and cannot be taken as an exact indicator of future earnings. The concessions 
backlog represents estimated future revenues on concessions, over the concession period, based on the 
financial plan for each concession, and includes projected fluctuations in the exchange rate between the 
euro and other currencies, as well as changes in inflation, prices, tolls and traffic volumes. 
Certain additional APMs are used in, and defined by, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group 
corresponding to the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the interim financial statements 
of the Group for the three months period ended 31 March 2020, all of which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see “Documents incorporated by reference”). 
The Group uses these measures as part of its financial and operational decision and planning process and to 
evaluate the performance of the Group. The Group considers that these measures provide useful additional 
information to assess the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group and the adoption of 
decisions both by investors and the Group’s management.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................. 13 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.................................................................... 40 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................. 46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 69 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 78 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 80 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 81 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................ 94 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 95 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................... 105 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 109

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview is qualified by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. Capitalised terms which are defined in “Form of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
have the same meaning when used in this overview. References to numbered Conditions are to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) as set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Issuer 
Sacyr, S.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
959800XKAB9VNAVN9425 
Risk Factors 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
See “Risk Factors”. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size 
Up to €500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger 
Banca March, S.A. 
Dealers 
Banca March, S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. Banco 
Santander, S.A., CaixaBank, S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Bestinver S.V., S.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, PKF Attest Capital Markets AV, S.A. and Société 
Générale. The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer or appoint new Dealers, either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch. 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms. The specific terms of each 
Tranche will be completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes may be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes or may be applied for particular uses, 
as determined by the Issuer. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Form of the Notes 
Notes will be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest 
in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. 
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Currencies 
Any currency, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations. 
Maturity 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and 
regulations. 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) or offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) 
(the “Specified Denomination”); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series (a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.; or (b) by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may 
be provided by applicable legislation and (subject to Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future. 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge, as described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross default 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision, as described 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Tax redemption 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, 
at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
the date of redemption if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
certain tax laws and regulations and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the issuer taking reasonable measures to it. See Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons). 
Redemption in case of Change of 
Control/ Tender Offer Triggering 
Event 
The Notes may have the benefit of a redemption provision in case of 
Change of Control or upon the occurrence of a Tender Offer Triggering 
Event, as described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options 
– Redemption at the Option of Noteholders – Change of Control and/or 
Tender Offer Triggering Event). 
Withholding tax 
The payment of interest and other amounts in respect of the Notes will 
be made free of withholding taxes in Spain, unless such taxes are 
currently required by law to be withheld. In such case the Issuer will pay 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Noteholder after such deduction or withholding shall 
equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such 
Noteholder in the absence of such deduction or withholding; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in certain circumstances set 
out in the Conditions. See Condition 8 (Taxation). 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it is not 
obliged to withhold any tax amount provided that the simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Issuing and Paying Agent, as 
described in “Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Disclosure obligations 
in connection with payments on the Notes”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
In the event that the currently applicable procedures are, after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, modified, amended or supplemented by any 
Spanish law or regulation, or any ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities 
(Dirección General de Tributos), the Issuer will inform the Noteholders 
of any such change in the information procedures and of any 
implications such changes may have for the Noteholders. In particular, 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes as a result of any 
such changes in the information procedures. In such event, the Issuer 
would not pay any additional amounts. 
For further information, see Condition 8 (Taxation) and “Taxation – 
Taxation in Spain – Disclosure obligations in connection with payments 
on the Notes”. 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. The status of the Notes as described in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) is governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law. 
The Courts of England will have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes. 
Listing 
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The applicable Final 
Terms will state the stock exchanges or markets on which the relevant 
Notes are to be listed or admitted to trading. 
Ratings 
The Notes are not rated. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, United Kingdom, Spain and European Economic Area. 
See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions 
defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to Sacyr’s business and the market in which it operates 
Sacyr’s business could be adversely affected by the continuation or deterioration of the challenging 
economic conditions in the markets in which Sacyr operates. 
The performance of Sacyr’s business has in the past been closely linked to the economic cycle in the 
countries, regions and cities where Sacyr operates. Normally, robust economic growth in the geographic 
regions where Sacyr is located results in greater demand for Sacyr’s services, while slow economic growth 
or economic contraction adversely affects demand for Sacyr’s services. 
Since December 2019, a new strain of coronavirus, or covid-19, spread in the People's Republic of China and 
progressively to the rest of the world, mainly to Europe (including Spain and the UK), Latin America and 
the United States, among others. The outbreak was declared a public health emergency of international 
concern and a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. 
Countries around the world have responded to the covid-19 pandemic by adopting a variety of measures in 
an attempt to contain the spread and impact of covid-19, including imposing mass quarantines or other 
containment measures, shelter-in-place orders and medical screenings, restricting travel, limiting public 
gatherings and suspending most economic activities. These measures have resulted in a severe decrease of 
global economic activity and falls in production and demand, which has led to sharp declines in the gross 
domestic product (GDP) of those countries which are most affected by the pandemic and is expected to 
continue to have an overall negative impact on global GDP in 2021. Other consequences include increased 
unemployment levels, sharp decreases and high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply 
chains, exchan ge rate volatility, steady customer draws on lines of credit, decline in real estate prices, and 
uncertainty in relation to the future impact in regional and global economies in the medium and long term. 
These measures have also negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, market 
participants, Group's counterparties and clients, and the global economy for a prolonged period of time. 
Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-covid-19 environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in 
the financial markets, fiscal, tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client 
behaviour which could have an adverse impact on the business of the Group. 
Many governments and regulatory authorities have acted, and may further act, to provide relief from the 
economic and market disruptions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. It is difficult to predict how effective 
these and other measures taken to mitigate the economic effects of the pandemic will be.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
If the covid-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the 
business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the 
likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described in this 'Risk Factors' section. 
Economic performance among the Eurozone in 2020, the economic has overall been negative, as a result of 
restrictions imposed since March to contain it the COVID-19 expansion. Provisional GDP data figures, 
estimate that the Eurozone as suffered a slowdown of 6.8% over the year, compared with an increase of 1.2% 
in 2019, putting an end to 7 years of consecutive growth. As for the European Union as a whole, it 
experienced a decline of 6.4%, compared to a rise of 2.0% in 2019, entiling the weakest figure since 2014. 
During this year, the European Central Bank has kept interest rates at 0%, with the intention of even lowering 
them further until inflation forecasts approach 2% levels. Regarding the economic outlook for the coming 
years, the European Commission expects a gradual recovery as the European population becomes vaccinated 
and current restrictions are gradually lifted. The European Union subsidies of 375,769 million euros for its 
27 member states, of which Spain will receive a total of 79,796 million euros, will begin to be felt. 
34 per cent. of Sacyr’s revenues (excluding consolidation adjustments) for the year ended in 31 December 
2020 came from Spain, where the global economic crisis due to COVID-19 caused a significant deterioration 
in the economy in 2020.  
According to the Spanish Statistic National Institute (Instituto Nacional de Estadística) (“INE”) Spanish 
GDP, decreased a 10.8% during 2020, opposing to the increase of 2% in 2019, although the 2020 ended, 
unexpectedly, with a quarterly increase of 0.4%. As regards the effects of demand on the GDP, 10.4% 
decrease of the national demand lowered the GDP in 9%, while international demand grew by 1.9% in 2020, 
in contrast to 2019.  
There is also a risk associated to certain emerging economies, which might not be able to rebalance their 
economies and, therefore, negatively impact Sacyr’s activities in these countries.  
If either or both of global and Spanish economic conditions deteriorate due to the COVID-19 outbreak or 
other circumstances and the improvement in the recovery from the global recession does not consolidate, 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely 
affected. 
Sacyr operates in highly competitive industries. 
Sacyr faces strong competition in the industries and geographies in where it operates. Sacyr competes against 
various groups and companies, including large groups that may possess greater financial resources, technical 
capabilities or local awareness than Sacyr does, or may require a lower return on their investments and be 
able to present better technical or economic bids. This competition could intensify because of new companies 
entering the market or because of the consolidation of the industries in which Sacyr operates. 
Sacyr’s ability to successfully compete in these markets depends on its ability to foresee and react to various 
factors that affect competition in its industry sectors, including those resulting from economic conditions. 
These factors include the identification of competitors as well as their strategies and their ability to conduct 
business, prevailing market conditions at any given time, rules applicable to new market participants and 
Sacyr, and the efficacy of Sacyr’s efforts to prepare for and confront competition. If Sacyr is not able to react 
to changes in the factors that affect competition in Sacyr’s industries and geographies, Sacyr may be unable 
to win tenders for concession projects or to obtain contracts or may be forced to accept projects or contracts 
under less favourable financial conditions than in the past, which could have a material adverse effect on 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr’s competitive position could be adversely affected by changes in technology and industry standards. 
The markets in which Sacyr operates change rapidly because of technological innovations and changes in 
prices, industry standards, product instructions, customer requirements and the economic environment. New

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
technology or changes in industry and customer requirements may render existing products or services 
obsolete, excessively costly or otherwise unmarketable. As a result, Sacyr seeks to continuously enhance the 
efficiency and reliability of its existing technologies, and to develop new technologies in order to remain at 
the forefront of industry standards and customer requirements. If Sacyr is unable to introduce and integrate 
new technologies into its products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, Sacyr’s competitive 
position will suffer and its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects would be 
materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s business is subject to risks related to its international operations. 
As a result of the process of diversification of its business in recent years, a significant part of Sacyr’s 
operating revenue is generated outside of Spain, across a mix of developed and developing countries that 
include Chile, Italy, Portugal, Peru, Colombia, Mexico, Angola, United Kingdom, USA, Ecuador, Brazil, 
Qatar, Oman, Australia, Bolivia, Panama, Uruguay, Paraguay, Netherlands and Ireland, among others. As of 
31 December 2020, 66 per cent. of Sacyr’s revenue was generated outside of Spain (excluding consolidation 
adjustments). The revenues of, market value of, and dividends payable by, foreign subsidiaries within the 
Group are exposed to risks inherent to the countries where they operate, including emerging markets. Sacyr’s 
operations in countries where Sacyr is present are exposed to a range of risks related to investments and 
business, including but not limited to some or all of the following: 
• 
fluctuations in local economic growth; 
• 
changes in inflation rates; 
• 
devaluation, depreciation or excessive valuation of local currencies; 
• 
foreign exchange controls or restrictions on profit repatriation; 
• 
foreign exchange market volatility; 
• 
changing interest rate environment; 
• 
changes in financial, economic and tax policies; 
• 
regulations relevant to the power and infrastructure industry activities; 
• 
changing social, political and economic conditions, including recessions; 
• 
logistical challenges, including transportation delays; 
• 
blackouts or temporary reductions in power or other public services; 
• 
restrictions on currency conversion; 
• 
import and export quotas; 
• 
variations in codes of business conduct; 
• 
changes in local employment conditions; 
• 
the lack of a skilled labour force; 
• 
social conflicts; and 
• 
political and macroeconomic instability. 
Sacyr cannot assure that it will not be subject to material adverse developments with respect to its international 
operations or that any insurance coverage it has will be adequate to compensate the Group for any losses 
arising from such risks. Sacyr is exposed to these risks in all of its foreign operations to some degree, and 
such exposure could be material to its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, 
particularly in emerging markets where the political, economic and legal environment is less stable.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
Sacyr intends to continue operating through strategic partnerships, including consortia and joint ventures, 
and Sacyr is exposed to risks associated with such partnerships. 
As part of Sacyr’s on-going international growth strategy, it may execute joint venture agreements with local 
companies whose experience, knowledge and history in the given market where Sacyr wishes to develop is 
greater than its own. Despite its best efforts in selecting appropriate partners, it is possible that the partners 
chosen for these joint venture agreements may not be the most appropriate or qualified for the market in 
question. In the event that any of these partners turn out to be inadequate, Sacyr’s consortia and joint ventures 
may not be successful. In particular, in certain countries were Sacyr intends to develop its business, local 
regulations might require foreign companies entering into such market to do so through joint ventures with 
local partners. In these situations, the local partners might not meet the expected level of expertise or 
qualification, or even, the minimum expertise or qualification required to carry out the project in question. 
Underperformance by local partners might expose Sacyr to the risk of the project not attaining the expected 
success. Moreover, in markets with high level of government interventionism and local protectionism, Sacyr 
might face the risk that local regulation benefits the local partner’s interests over Sacyr’s interests. 
Additionally, even if Sacyr conducts rigorous due diligence on potential partners, it may not be able to 
ascertain whether its potential partners or their affiliated companies have material hidden liabilities, especially 
with respect to tax, employment and environmental issues. Any of these risks could affect the success of 
current and future partnerships and consortia. If any of the foregoing were to occur, Sacyr’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s partners may be unable, or unwilling, to honour or fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
consortium, joint venture or partnership agreements or may experience financial or other difficulties that may 
adversely impact Sacyr’s investment in a particular consortium, joint venture or business. Sacyr’s partners 
may also have different strategies or priorities in executing projects than Sacyr does, and as a result their 
interests may not be aligned with Sacyr’s interests or those of investors in the Notes, and Sacyr may be unable 
to pursue the actions envisaged in Sacyr’s strategic plan or be restricted in its ability to carry out certain 
activities. Moreover, Sacyr’s partners may operate under compliance, regulatory or ethical standards which 
are different from those applicable to Sacyr, and if they fail to comply with any relevant rules or 
recommendations, Sacyr’s reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may 
be materially adversely affected. Additionally, Sacyr’s partners may fail to fulfil their obligations and/or 
terminate their agreements with Sacyr for cause or for convenience. If a partner does not fulfil its obligations, 
Sacyr may be subject to unexpected costs, project delays or other losses. In addition, in certain of Sacyr’s 
consortium, joint ventures and partnerships, Sacyr may also be reliant on the particular expertise of its 
partners and, as a result, any failure to perform their obligations in a diligent manner could adversely impact 
the consortia, joint venture or partnership and in turn Sacyr. Moreover, liability in concessions contracts may 
be joint and several, and Sacyr could become liable in the event of a default by one of its partners. 
Sacyr’s backlog reduction or deferral may not be a reliable indicator of its future revenue or earnings. 
Sacyr defines backlog to include projects for which contracts have been signed. As of 31 December 2020 
Sacyr’s backlog was €39,185 million, as compared to €42,965 million as of 31 December 2019. As part 
of its backlog calculation policy, the Group assumes that each party will satisfy all of its respective obligations 
under the contract and that payments to it under the contract will be made on a timely basis consistent with 
historical experience. For contracts that are not for a fixed price or lump sum, Sacyr estimates and updates 
the related backlog based upon the estimated amount of work to be completed through periodic consultation 
with the client. For projects in which Sacyr acts as the lead contractor within a consortium, in calculating 
backlog Sacyr only includes its scope of work in connection with such projects. For projects related to 
unconsolidated joint ventures, Sacyr only includes its percentage ownership of the joint venture’s backlog, 
except for in the Concessions business division, in which the backlog is only accounted for when the joint 
venture is consolidated. 
Sacyr cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in its backlog will be realized or profitable. Many of its 
contracts are subject to cancellation, termination or suspension at the discretion of the customer. From time

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
to time, changes in project scope may occur with respect to contracts reflected in its backlog and could reduce 
the amount of its backlog and the timing of the revenue and profits that it actually earns. Projects may remain 
in Sacyr’s backlog for an extended period of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the 
particular services or equipment required by the project. Additionally, poor project performance could also 
impact its backlog and profits if it results in the termination of a contract. Sacyr cannot predict the impact 
that future economic conditions may have on its backlog which could include a diminished ability to replace 
backlog once projects are completed and/or could result in the termination, modification or suspension of 
projects currently in its backlog. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected if it does 
not effectively manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. 
Sacyr is exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of 
interest rate changes. Some of Sacyr’s indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, mainly linked to 
EURIBOR. Any increase in interest rates would increase Sacyr’s finance costs relating to its variable rate 
indebtedness and increase the costs of refinancing Sacyr’s existing indebtedness and issuing new debt. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk is particularly important in the financing of infrastructure projects and other 
projects, which are heavily leveraged in their early stages and whose performance depends on possible 
changes in the interest rate.  
After the sharp increase observed at the start of the pandemic, the ten-year Spanish government debt yield 
has followed a declining path in recent months. It is expected to grow over the projection horizon, from 0.2 
per cent to 0.5 per cent between 2021 and 2023 in annual average terms. In the specific case of non-financial 
corporations, the cost of financing is expected to increase from 2% in 2020 to 2.9% in 2023 (Source: Bank 
of Spain, Macroeconomic projections for the Spanish economy (2020-2023), December 2020).  
Although Sacyr enters into hedging arrangements to cover interest rate fluctuations on a portion of Sacyr’s 
debt, there can be no assurance that any current or future hedging contracts that Sacyr enters into will 
adequately protect Sacyr’s results of operations from the effects of interest rate fluctuations or will not result 
in losses. 
Sacyr’s revenue, costs, debts, capital expenditure and investments are mainly denominated in Euros. Sacyr is 
also exposed to currencies such as the US dollar, Australian dollar, sterling pound, Chilean peso, Mexican 
peso, Brazilian real, Indian rupee and Qatari riyal, among others. Consequently, portions of Sacyr’s costs, 
profit margins and asset values are affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates among the above-mentioned 
currencies. Sacyr does not generally engage in foreign exchange hedging because it believes that a significant 
portion of the revenues of its subsidiaries is denominated in the same currencies as their operating costs; 
however, at times Sacyr ´s Group companies may enter into foreign exchange forward contracts or other 
hedging contracts to attempt to remove the foreign exchange risk on transactions (e.g. loans). In addition, where 
possible, Sacyr’s subsidiaries enter into local funding and/or leasing arrangements denominated in their 
functional currency.  
To the extent balances change in the future or foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate significantly in the 
future, Sacyr’s cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
Some of the currencies may not be convertible or exchangeable or may be subject to exchange controls. 
Sacyr’s ability to effectively manage its credit risk exposure could affect its business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
Sacyr is exposed to the credit risk implied by default on the part of a counterparty (customer, provider, partner 
or financial entity), which could impact its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The high uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 epidemic make it difficult to predict how long these 
conditions will persist and the extent to which Sacyr´s counterparties may be eventually affected, The cost

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
of government financing and financing of other public entities has also increased due to financial stress in 
Europe, and although such risk was partially mitigated in Spain by the enactment of Royal Decree-Law 
7/2012, also known as Real Decreto-Ley de Creación del Fondo de Financiación de los Pagos a Proveedores, 
of 9 March, that enabled distressed public entities to make certain payments which allowed them to reduce 
their commercial debts with suppliers, this may nonetheless represent an increased risk for Sacyr’s public 
sector clients, especially those to which such legislation does not apply. However, such risk has been the 
target of European Central Bank measures aimed at improving liquidity in the European Union. 
At the national level, measures to promote liquidity and face COVID-19 have also been adopted in 
accordance with Royal Decree-Law 8/2020, of 17 March, on urgent extraordinary measures to deal with the 
economic and social impact of COVID-19 (Real Decreto-ley 8/2020, de 17 de marzo, de medidas urgentes 
extraordinarias para hacer frente al impacto económico y social del COVID-19), by means of the granting of 
line of guarantees for the account of the State, through the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital 
Transformation, for an amount of up to euro 100 billion in favour of credit institutions for the purpose of 
covering both the renewal of loans and the granting of new financing lines to meet liquidity needs arising 
from, inter alia, (i) the management of invoices, (ii) the need for working capital or (iii) other liquidity 
requirements, including those arising from overdue financial or tax obligations. 
Although Sacyr actively manages this credit risk through credit scoring, an active management of the 
evolution of the debt levels, and eventually, in certain cases, the use of non-recourse factoring contracts and 
credit insurance, Sacyr’s risk management strategies may not be successful in limiting its exposure to credit 
risk, which could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In addition, legislation implemented in Spain in 2010 relating to late payments (Law 15/2010, of 5 July, 
known as Ley de Morosidad), requires that payment terms do not exceed certain limits. If clients of Sacyr 
(public or private) do not comply with this stricter legal framework, liquidity could be affected. In addition, 
late payments by Sacyr could lead to considerable penalties being imposed to Sacyr. 
Sacyr’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by its level of 
indebtedness, the increase of such debt and its ability to effectively manage its exposure to liquidity risk.  
Sacyr needs to be able to secure significant levels of financing to be able to continue its operations. Certain of 
the industries in which it operates, such as toll roads or water services, require a high level of financing. 
Sacyr’s ability to secure financing depends on several factors, many of which are beyond its control, including 
general economic conditions, adverse effects in the debt or capital markets, the availability of funds from 
financial institutions and monetary policy in the markets in which it operates. For example, global financial 
markets have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant volatility and liquidity disruptions 
due to COVID-19, which might adversely affect Sacyr funding costs and access to funding. If Sacyr is 
unable to secure additional financing on favourable terms, or at all, its growth opportunities would be limited 
and its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr might incur significant additional debt in the future. Although Sacyr’s financing agreements contain 
restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications 
and exceptions, and debt incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial or secured. 
Incurring such additional debt could further increase the related risks which Sacyr currently faces, as described 
above. 
In addition, Sacyr may seek to refinance its existing debt and can give no assurance as to the availability of 
financing on acceptable terms. Sacyr’s future ability to refinance existing borrowings depends on its future 
business performance that is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors. Should market 
conditions deteriorate or fail to improve, resulting in a decrease in Sacyr’s operating results, it may have 
difficulties to refinance the Issuer’s existing financial arrangements. Additionally, if Sacyr is able to refinance 
its existing borrowings, it cannot guarantee that the terms on which it will be able to refinance are as 
favourable for Sacyr as the terms of the current financial arrangements. All these circumstances could 
negatively affect Sacyr’s business results, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Existing and potential future defaults by subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates pursuant to project debt 
could adversely affect Sacyr. 
Sacyr attempts to finance certain of its projects and significant investments, including capital expenditures 
typically relating to concessions, primarily under loan agreements and related documents which, except as 
noted below, typically require the loans to be repaid solely from the revenue of the project being financed 
thereby, and provide that the repayment of the loans (and interest thereon) is typically secured solely by the 
shares, physical assets, contracts and cash flow of that project company. This type of financing is referred to 
herein as project debt or project financing. As of 31 December 2020, Sacyr had gross project debt totalling 
€5,122 million (78% per cent. of Sacyr’s total outstanding indebtedness as at 31 December 2020) on a 
consolidated basis; at 31 December 2019, Sacyr had gross project debt totalling €4,547 million (76 per cent. 
of Sacyr’s total outstanding indebtedness as at 31 December 2019) on a consolidated basis. 
While the lenders of Sacyr’s project debt typically do not have direct recourse to Sacyr, defaults by 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates can still have important consequences for Sacyr, including, without 
limitation: 
• 
reducing receipt of distributions, fees, interest payments and loans since the project company will 
typically be prohibited from distributing cash to Sacyr during the existence of any default; 
• 
causing the Group to record a loss in the event the lender forecloses on the assets; and 
• 
the loss or impairment of investor confidence in the Group. 
In addition, members of the Group provide, from time to time, guarantees of obligations under bank financing 
arrangements of certain project companies, which may be group companies or joint ventures established with 
third parties, in order to finance projects on a temporary or definitive basis. These guarantees are provided 
where members of the Group act as sponsors for the period prior to such project companies securing long-
term project financing for their projects and are provided by the members of the Group on a pro-rata basis 
according to their respective participating interests in the project. 
In the ordinary course of business, as is common practice in companies engaged in construction activities, 
the Group furnished guarantees to third parties, such as advance bonds, performance bonds, tender bonds 
retention money bonds or sureties, totalling €3,546 million as of 31 December 2020 (€3,689 million as of 31 
December 2019) for the proper performance of contracts. 
If any of Sacyr’s subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates was to fail to satisfy its debt service obligations or 
to breach any related financial or operating covenants, the relevant lender may be entitled to declare the full 
amount of the relevant indebtedness to be immediately due and payable and could foreclose on any assets 
pledged as collateral or enforce any of the parent company’s guarantees. Certain agreements entered into by 
Sacyr’s subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates contain cross-default provisions related to the financing 
arrangements of other project sponsors unrelated to the Group. Further, certain of the financing arrangements 
contain cross-default provisions such that enforcement of a guarantee by the Group could automatically 
trigger events of default under such arrangements. As a result of the above, any defaults by subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or associates could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows. 
The continued international expansion of Sacyr’s operations may not be successful. 
Sacyr has expanded in recent years its scope and international reach, and it plans to continue the functional 
and geographical expansion of its businesses into new countries and markets that it believes will contribute 
to Sacyr’s future performance. Such expansion may not be possible due to the constraints of legal, operational 
or other nature resulting from the COVID-19 crisis or may not be successful. Hence Sacyr may not achieve 
results in these new business areas and countries similar to those achieved in the businesses in locations 
where Sacyr currently operates. Furthermore, Sacyr may have difficulty hiring experts or qualified executives 
or employees for the countries and business areas of expansion. Failure by Sacyr to successfully implement

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
any of its international expansion plans could materially adversely affect Sacyr’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The loss of key members of Sacyr’s management and technical team could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr relies on certain key personnel. If, in the future, Sacyr is unable to attract and retain sufficiently 
qualified management and technical staff, its business development could be limited or delayed. In addition, 
if Sacyr were to lose key members of its senior management or technical staff, and could not find a suitable 
replacement in a timely manner, its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could 
be adversely affected. 
Sacyr operates in highly regulated environments which are subject to changes in regulations. 
Sacyr is required to comply with a range of specific toll road, waste management and treatment, and 
construction sector regulations, as well as more general regulations in the various jurisdictions where it 
operates (such as those related to accounting, employment, data protection and taxation). As in all highly 
regulated sectors, any regulatory changes in these sectors could adversely affect the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr. In the case of significant regulatory changes (including 
tax amendments) affecting the concessions which Sacyr holds, there may in certain circumstances be a right 
to adjust the terms of a concession or to negotiate changes with the competent administration in order to re-
establish the economic and financial balance between the parties. Sacyr cannot guarantee that an adjustment, 
however, will be possible in all cases, that any such adjustment would be satisfactory for the concessionaires 
or that it would be carried out in a reasonable time period. If these adjustments are not possible, do not 
provide sufficiently greater income or are delayed, Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected if it fails 
to obtain or renew, or if there are any material delays in obtaining, requisite government approvals for its 
projects. 
Sacyr is established in jurisdictions where the industries in which it operates may be regulated. In order to 
bid, develop and complete a project, the developer may need to obtain permits, licenses, certificates and other 
approvals from the relevant governmental or administrative authorities before bidding for the project or at 
various stages of the project process. In particular, authorisation procedures for activities with a large 
environmental footprint are often preceded by in-depth studies and public inquiries. There is no assurance that 
Sacyr will be able to obtain or maintain such governmental or administrative approvals, fulfil the conditions 
required for obtaining the approvals, or adapt to new laws, regulations or policies that may come into effect 
from time to time, without undue delay or at all. Sacyr may also have to abandon certain projects in which it 
is unable to generate compensation sufficient to cover the cost of its investment if it fails to obtain the permits 
it needs to perform the activity or if it cannot obtain any necessary authorizations from the relevant authorities. 
If Sacyr is unable to obtain or maintain the relevant approvals or fulfil the conditions of such approvals for a 
significant number of its projects in a timely manner, this could lead to delays and its business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 
Sacyr participates in competitive tender processes that can generate significant expense with no assurance 
of success. 
Sacyr is granted many of its contracts on the basis of a competitive process. Competitive tender processes or 
negotiation procedures preceding the award of these contracts are often long, costly and complex, and their 
outcomes are uncertain and difficult to foresee. Sacyr may invest significant resources in a project or tender 
bid without winning the contract thus losing growth opportunities, which could adversely affect the business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
Environmental and health and safety laws could increase Sacyr’s costs. 
In the countries where Sacyr operates, there are local, regional, national and European Union bodies which 
regulate its activities and establish applicable environmental and health and safety regulations. The technical 
requirements imposed by environmental and health and safety regulations are gradually becoming more 
costly, complex and stringent. These laws may impose strict liability in the event of damage to natural 
resources or threats to public safety and health. Strict liability may mean that Sacyr is held liable for 
environmental damage regardless of whether it has acted negligently, or that it owes fines whether or not 
effective damage exists or is proven, and Sacyr could be held jointly and severally liable with other parties. 
The relevant authorities may impose fines or sanctions or may revoke and refuse to grant authorizations and 
permits based on a breach of current regulations. 
The entry into force of new laws, the discovery of previously unknown sources of pollution, the imposition 
of new or more stringent requirements or a stricter application of existing regulations, for example to prevent 
a new outbreak of a pandemic disease, as the COVID-19, may increase Sacyr’s costs or impose new 
responsibilities, leading to lower earnings and liquidity available for its activities and the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr may be materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr is subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations and economic sanctions programs 
in various jurisdictions where it operates, violations of which could include suspension or debarment of 
its ability to contract with state or local governments in such jurisdictions. 
Doing business on a worldwide basis requires Sacyr to comply with the laws and regulations of various 
jurisdictions (including, without limitation, Spain, the United States, the United Kingdom, Chile and others 
where Sacyr conducts operations). 
In particular, Sacyr’s international operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as, as 
applicable, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 ("FCPA") and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 
of 2010 (the "Bribery Act"). These laws generally prohibit direct or indirect payments or offers of financial 
or other advantages to (a) foreign officials (including government officials and officers or employees of 
majority state-owned or controlled entities) with the intent of influencing any act or decision of the foreign 
official or inducing the foreign official to use his influence to affect an act or decision of a government entity 
for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or (b) any person, where the payment is intended to, or does 
influence that person to act or reward that person for acting in breach of an expectation of good faith, 
impartiality or trust or where the payment would otherwise be improper for the recipient to accept. 
As part of Sacyr’s business, it or service providers hired by Sacyr may deal with state-owned business 
enterprises, the employees of which are considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA. The provisions 
of the Bribery Act extend beyond bribery of foreign officials and are more onerous than the FCPA in a 
number of other respects, including jurisdiction, non-exemption of facilitation payments and penalties. 
In addition, economic sanctions programmes including, as applicable, those administered by the United 
Nations Security Council, European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States, including the U.S. 
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), restrict Sacyr’s ability to undertake 
business dealings with certain sanctioned countries, individuals and entities. 
Sacyr operates in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, 
in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and 
practices. In addition, some of the international locations in which Sacyr operates lack a developed legal system 
and have a reputation for heightened corruption risk. Sacyr’s continued expansion and worldwide operations, 
including in developing countries, its development of joint venture relationships worldwide and the 
employment by Sacyr of local service providers in the countries in which it operates increase the compliance 
risk with respect to anti-corruption laws, sanctions regulations, and similar laws. Although Sacyr has 
implemented internal policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect violations of, and therefore to 
ensure compliance with, applicable anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations, there can be no assurance

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
that such policies and procedures will be sufficient or that Sacyr’s employees, directors, officers, partners, 
agents and service providers as well as those companies to which Sacyr outsources certain of its business 
operations, will not take actions in violation of Sacyr’s policies and procedures (or otherwise in violation of 
the relevant anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations) for which Sacyr or they may be ultimately held 
responsible. 
If Sacyr is found to be liable for violations of these laws or economic sanctions programmes (either due to its 
own acts or omissions, or due to the acts or omissions of others), it could suffer severe criminal or civil 
penalties or other sanctions, including fines, loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of Sacyr’s 
international business and a restriction of Sacyr’s ability to enter into contracts with customers who have 
contracts with the U.S. and other governments, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group may be subject to exchange and capital controls, and or 
restrictions on dividends or distributions. 
Sacyr’s financial condition is partly dependent on the ability of other members of the Group to make cash 
available to Sacyr, whether by dividend distributions, debt repayment, loans or otherwise, and the ability of 
Sacyr’s joint ventures to make distributions to their parent companies. Sacyr’s subsidiaries may not be able 
to, or may be restricted by the terms of their existing or future indebtedness, or by law, in their ability to 
make distributions or advance upstream loans to enable Sacyr to make payments in respect of its 
indebtedness, including the Notes. Furthermore, each member of the Group is a distinct legal entity and, 
under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions, or the inability to convert local currency 
pursuant to exchange controls and transfer restrictions in some countries in which they do business, such as 
Brazil, may limit Sacyr’s ability to obtain cash from its subsidiaries. Sacyr’s joint ventures are also subject 
to contractual restrictions on the amount of cash they may distribute. The repatriation of funds from certain 
regions where the Group operates, including Brazil, is also subject to tax. 
Governments and public authorities may, following the COVID-19 outbreak, engage in more protective laws 
and regulations that may prevent or make more difficult for Sacyr´s subsidiaries to make cash available to 
Sacyr.  
Sacyr can provide no assurances regarding the effect that restrictions on the payment of dividends or other 
distributions, or exchange and capital controls, or the tax regime applicable to the repatriation of funds, or 
any changes thereto, may have on Sacyr. Any such restrictions on the payment of dividends or other 
distributions, or exchange and capital controls could adversely affect Sacyr’s financial condition or results of 
operations and Sacyr’s ability to execute its financing plans. 
Sacyr is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that may fail, may not be adequate to 
the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Sacyr is increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information technology, or IT, systems. IT systems 
are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, 
physical damage to vital IT centres and computer viruses. IT systems need regular upgrading and Sacyr may 
not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis or upgrades may fail to function as planned. 
Furthermore, failure to protect its operations from cyber-attacks or inappropriate use of Sacyr’s information 
technology systems, could result in the loss of customer or project data or other sensitive information. The 
threats are increasingly sophisticated and there can be no assurance that Sacyr will be able to protect against 
all threats. As a result of any failure of its IT systems, Sacyr could experience significant interruptions of its 
business, could lose or compromise important data and may incur significant costs. Sacyr cannot assure you 
that the back-up systems it maintains to provide high-level service availability and ensure business continuity 
will protect it. Should these systems fail or prove to be inadequate, or any resulting loss of confidential or 
proprietary data, could materially and adversely affect Sacyr’s reputation, expose it to legal claims and 
materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
Sacyr is subject to litigation risks which, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could have a material adverse 
effect on Sacyr’s liquidity, debt level, capital resources, business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group are, and may in the future be, a party, both as plaintiff and as 
defendant, to judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business, 
including claims relating to compulsory land purchases required for toll road construction, claims relating to 
defects in construction projects performed or services rendered, claims for third party liability in connection 
with the use of the Group’s assets or the actions of Group employees, employment-related claims, 
environmental claims and tax claims. For a summary of certain legal proceedings relating to the Group, 
including the Panama Canal and the Itínere Stake litigation, see "Description of the Issuer – Litigation and 
Legal Proceedings" and “Recent Developments”. There is no guarantee that any member of the Group will 
not be found liable and ordered to make substantial payments in one or more of the lawsuits in which the 
Group is or may be involved, including any advanced payments in connection with any preliminary 
injunctions. Any unfavourable outcome (including an out-of-court settlement) in one or more of such 
proceedings could, depending on the value or severity thereof, have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr’s business requires the work of many employees and any major disruption in its workforce could 
adversely affect its cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Sacyr’s business is labour intensive. If it is unable to hire additional employees to meet its requirements or 
to retain existing employees, Sacyr’s cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be 
adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s operations and services rely heavily upon its workforce and any labour strikes, work stoppages and 
other labour disputes affecting its workforce could have a negative impact on its operations. For example, 
during April and May 2014, Sacyr faced a labour strike in relation to its construction works on the Panama 
Canal, which lead to cost overruns in this project, which have been partially born by the Panama Canal 
Authority (see "Description of the Issuer – Litigation and Legal Proceedings"). Furthermore, measures 
adopted by several government and public authorities in the countries where Sacyr operates and elsewhere, 
including Spain and Italy, to prevent the spread of COVID-19, have imposed severely restive measures to 
business and peoples movements that could affect Sacyr´s employees’ productivity. Equally, Sacyr may also 
be reliant on a range of other industry personnel who are not employed by Sacyr. Labour strikes or stoppages 
by such non-employees are beyond Sacyr’s control and they could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.  
Sacyr is exposed to risks connected to the quantification and cashing of claims. 
Sacyr has in the past and may occasionally in the future bring claims against its clients for additional costs 
exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the original contract price. These types of claims 
can often occur due to matters such as owner-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which 
result in additional cost, both direct and indirect. From time to time, these claims can be the subject of lengthy 
and costly arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims 
will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are pending, Sacyr may incur 
financial charges pending the resolution of the relevant claims. Although any favourable court decision would 
also likely lead to the full or partial reimbursement of interest as financial charges, a failure to promptly 
recover on these types of claims or to recover the full amount expected could have a material adverse effect 
on Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group are highly dependent on public sector customers and, 
accordingly, decreases in the funds allocated to public sector projects may harm the Group’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and 
prospects are highly dependent on public sector customers. 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group rely on infrastructure development programs currently planned and 
being undertaken by public authorities in various markets to generate a significant amount of the Group’s 
business. Sacyr and/or other members of the Group may start working on a specific public sector project but, 
due to the lack or revocation of government funding, the project may subsequently not be completed within 
the original time frame or at all. Sacyr and/or other members of the Group’s government clients may be under 
no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level and funds for any program may even be eliminated. 
Global economic instability and difficult and recessionary economic conditions in certain countries in which 
Sacyr and/or other members of the Group operate may result in the contraction of infrastructure spending 
and therefore in delay or suspension of projects already commenced or awarded. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it is uncertain how COVID-19 outspread could affect supranational and government or local 
entities clients’ plans, budgets or policies of infrastructure development, but Sacyr anticipates it could have 
an impact in its business given its dependency on public sector customers.  
Future changes and/or reductions by these supranational and government clients in their plans, budgets or 
policies of infrastructure development, delay in the awarding of major projects or postponement of previously 
awarded projects could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Risk of potential liability claims against Sacyr during the course of carrying out ordinary business 
activities. 
Sacyr engages in major construction projects which could cause major harm to employees or third parties if 
there is an error in the design or during construction or for any other reason. In particular, Sacyr’s projects 
often put its employees and others in close proximity with heavy equipment, moving vehicles and potentially 
hazardous materials. Applicable law generally renders Sacyr responsible for the safety and wellbeing of its 
personnel and imposes a duty of care on Sacyr for third parties who may be nearby. Although Sacyr tries to 
comply with the laws on safety at the workplace (normas de prevención de riesgos laborales) and other 
applicable regulations, if it fails to implement safety procedures or if the procedures it implements are 
ineffective, its employees and others may be injured. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase 
employee turnover, increase the cost of service to Sacyr’s customers and raise Sacyr’s operating costs. Many 
of Sacyr’s customers require that it meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts. The 
introduction of new technology, procedures, services, tools and machinery may have unforeseen negative 
effects on the working conditions of Sacyr’s employees and may subject Sacyr to liability based on allegations 
of illness or injury resulting from exposure. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the occurrence of accidents at Sacyr’s projects could severely disrupt the operations of Sacyr 
and lead to delays in the completion of projects and such delays could result in a loss of income, due to 
delayed receipt of proceeds from purchasers, as well as potential claims for compensation and termination of 
contracts by clients. In addition, there is a possibility that any such claims for compensation in relation to such 
accidents may not be covered by Sacyr’s insurance policies (see "Sacyr’s insurance cover may not be 
adequate or sufficient" below). Any accidents and any consequential claims for damages could therefore 
have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of 
Sacyr. 
Sacyr could also be exposed to claims for any actions or omissions by subcontractors that cause damage, or 
claims brought against Sacyr by clients, subcontractors or suppliers to recover any amounts paid (for example,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
claims for amounts for which they do not consider themselves contractually liable or which exceed the 
amounts expected to be incurred). 
Sacyr relies to a large extent on external contractors and on third-party manufacturers and suppliers to 
provide much of the equipment and raw materials, respectively, used for Sacyr’s projects.  
If Sacyr is unable to find reliable suppliers, its ability to successfully complete its projects could be impaired. 
Furthermore, if a supplier fails to provide equipment or raw materials, in each case, as required under a 
contract for any reason, Sacyr may be required to source such services, equipment or raw materials at a higher 
price than anticipated, which could negatively impact its profitability, as there can also be no assurance that 
it will be able to pass on any or all of such increased costs to Sacyr’s customers. In some cases, the equipment 
purchased for a project does not perform as expected, and these performance failures may result in delays in 
completion of the project, additional costs for Sacyr or the customer to complete the project and, in some 
cases, may require Sacyr to obtain alternate equipment at additional cost. Although contracts with suppliers 
generally provide for indemnification to cover their failure to perform their obligations satisfactorily, such 
indemnification may not fully cover Sacyr’s financial losses in attempting to mitigate their failures and fulfil 
the relevant contract with Sacyr’s client. Furthermore, delivery by Sacyr’s suppliers of faulty equipment or 
raw materials could also negatively impact Sacyr’s overall project, resulting in claims against it for failure to 
meet required project specifications and it may be unable to successfully obtain compensation from its 
suppliers. In addition, in the case of government contracts, a failure by a supplier to comply with applicable 
laws, rules or regulations could result in Sacyr facing fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment by the 
relevant governmental authority. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain how COVID-19 could 
affect Sacyr´s suppliers. Any such failures by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Sacyr’s insurance cover may not be adequate or sufficient. 
Sacyr benefits from insurance cover to protect against key insurable risks, including industrial accidents 
(including labour accidents), fire, earthquakes, acts of terrorism and other natural and man-made disasters. 
Although Sacyr maintains what it believes to be adequate insurance, any claim could exceed its insurance 
coverage, fall outside its insurance coverage or could result in the cancellation of its insurance coverage. In 
particular, the insurance policy may not be adequate to cover lost income, reinstatement costs, increased 
expenses or other liabilities and as such there can be no assurance that Sacyr would not be forced to bear 
substantial losses irrespective of insurance coverage. Moreover, there can be no assurance that if insurance 
cover is cancelled or not renewed, replacement cover will be available on commercially reasonable terms or 
at all. 
An industrial accident could also tarnish Sacyr’s reputation, thus resulting in a significant, and possibly 
sustained, decline in demand. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, if insurance cover is not available or proves more expensive than in the past, Sacyr’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
Risks relating to the Engineering and Infrastructures Business Division 
If investment in the construction industry continues to decrease, Sacyr’s results of operations may be 
affected. 
Investment in the construction sector derives from both the public and private sectors and the level of 
investment is dependent on general economic conditions. In times of economic growth, investment levels 
generally increase, with levels decreasing during a recession. Sacyr cannot make any assurances that the level 
of investment will increase in the coming years. If conditions continue to limit investment by the public and 
private construction sectors, then the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group may

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
be adversely affected. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain how COVID-19 outspread could 
affect supranational entities and governments plans, budgets or policies of infrastructure development.  
Sacyr’s business may be affected by a decrease in the funds available for civil engineering projects. 
As a result of the economic conditions during the recent global recession, there was a sharp decrease in 
tenders for civil engineering works, including for public sector projects. The allocation of funds for civil 
engineering projects within the annual budget for each of the countries where Sacyr is present or which it is 
targeting is mainly dependent on two factors: the budgetary policies of the relevant government and the 
economic conditions existing at the time. Tenders for public sector projects in Spain during 2020 amounted 
to €14,584 million in terms of real investments, a decrease of 16.1 per cent. as compared to real investments 
in 2019. This amount includes, amongst others, investments by: (i) Administración local in an amount of 
€6,278 million, which represents a 10 per cent. increase as compared to 2019; (ii) Comunidades Autónomas 
in an amount of €4,782 million, which represents a 16.1 per cent. decrease as compared to 2019; and (iii) 
Administración General del Estado in an amount of €3,524 million, which represents a 41 per cent. decrease 
as compared to 2019. The amount invested by the Administración General del Estado includes the 
investments by Dirección General de Carreteras in an amount of €473 million, by ADIF (including high 
speed) in an amount of €917 million, by Aena in an amount of €311 million and by Autoridades portuarias 
in an amount of €328 million (Source: Seopan, Asociación de Empresas Constructoras de Ámbito Nacional 
de España-Licitación Pública, January 2021). At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain how 
COVID-19 outspread could affect plans, budgets or policies of infrastructure development in Spain, but Sacyr 
anticipates it could have an impact in its business given its dependency on public sector customers.  
Difficulties in securing private sector projects may adversely affect Sacyr’s results of operations. 
As a result of the economic conditions during the recent global recession, there was a decrease in procurement 
by private sector companies. Such companies may be forced to halt the projects already underway due to a 
lack of funds, or may decide to delay or abandon studies of potential projects while they await more 
favourable investment conditions. Whilst standard practice in the private sector is for the construction 
company to be paid as the works are executed, Sacyr is exposed to loss of revenue if such works are delayed 
or cancelled. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain how COVID-19 outspread could affect private 
sector companies business and operations. Reductions in project procurement by the private sector may 
adversely affect the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr.  
Sacyr’s working capital needs are highly seasonal and require Sacyr to maintain a high level of liquidity. 
Sacyr’s cash needs in connection with its construction business are strongly seasonally correlated, reaching 
their highest level in the first quarter and their lowest level in the fourth quarter, since payment from many 
of the public sector customers is received in the fourth quarter. Sacyr finances these needs principally through 
syndicated and bilateral facilities at the corporate level and, more recently, in the capital markets. Some of 
these facilities must be periodically renewed. As of 31 December 2020, Sacyr had €6,573 million of 
financial debt: (i) €1,451 million of which was corporate debt; and (ii) €5,122 million of which was project 
debt. Sacyr may be unable to renew its credit facilities or finance in the capital markets on economically 
attractive terms or at all, and any failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain 
how COVID-19 outspread could affect Sacyr´s level of liquidity. Any increase in the seasonality of Sacyr’s 
business or unknown effect of the COVID-19 outbreak that cannot be met by expanded use of syndicated and 
bilateral facilities or other sources of liquidity may also materially adversely affect Sacyr’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Any failure to meet construction project deadlines and budgets may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr. 
There are certain risks that are inherent to large-scale construction projects, such as shortages, and increased 
costs of materials, machinery and labour. If any of Sacyr’s contractors and sub- contractors fails to meet

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
agreed deadlines and budgets, or if there are any interruptions arising from adverse weather conditions or 
outbreak of infectious diseases or any other serious public health threats or unexpected technical or 
environmental difficulties, there may be resulting delays and excess construction costs. Contractor and sub-
contractor liability clauses, included in most standard construction agreements entered into with contractors 
and sub- contractors, generally cover these situations, although they may not cover the total value of any 
resulting losses. In the event of construction delays, Sacyr may receive revenues later than expected and could 
face penalties and even contractual termination. These eventualities could increase Sacyr’s expenses and 
reduce its income, particularly if it is unable to recover any such expenses from third parties under its 
concessions, in which case the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr may 
be materially adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s construction backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and is therefore not 
a fully accurate indicator of its future revenue or earnings. 
As of 31 December 2020, Sacyr’s construction backlog was €5,622 million, as compared to €7,134 million 
as of 31 December 2019. Construction backlog serves to measure the total euro value of work to be 
performed on (i) contracts awarded in the case of public sector contracts and (ii) contracts signed in the 
case of private sector contracts. Sacyr’s construction backlog is expected to translate into revenue within 
41 months. Commitments are typically in the form of written contracts for specific projects, purchase 
orders, or indications of the amount of time and materials Sacyr needs to make available for the 
anticipated projects. Sacyr’s construction backlog is revisited on a monthly basis and adjusted for 
additional work to be performed, costs incurred, changes in currency exchange rates or one-off payments 
relating to its Construction business. The amount of its construction backlog that is subject to delay or 
cancellation at any given time is largely a reflection of broad global economic trends and, as of any date, 
may not be indicative of actual results of operations in any succeeding period. 
Overall, construction backlog figures are based on a number of assumptions and estimates, including 
assumptions as to exchange rates between the euro and other currencies, estimates of the amount of additional 
work and cost overruns for which Sacyr is able to claim payment from the client under the relevant contracts 
and estimates of the percentage of completion of contracts. Contingencies that could affect the realization of 
Sacyr’s construction backlog as future revenue or cash flows include cancellations, renegotiations, scope of 
work adjustments, force majeure, outbreak of infectious diseases or any other serious public health threats, 
legal impediments and default by Sacyr. Consequently, construction backlog as of any particular date may 
not be indicative of actual results of operations for any succeeding period. Furthermore, Sacyr’s construction 
backlog is subject to concentration risk, with Sacyr’s five and ten largest projects accounted for approximately 
34 per cent. and 47 per cent., respectively, of its construction backlog as of 31 December 2020. If we exclude 
the Pedemontana project (see "Description of the Issuer – Engineering and Infrastructures Business 
Division”), the concentration of the five and ten largest construction projects would be 20 per cent. and 34 
per cent. respectively. As a result, any contingencies that could affect the realization of any of these projects 
could have a material adverse impact on Sacyr’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Sacyr’s definition of construction backlog may not necessarily be the same as that used by other companies 
engaged in activities similar to theirs. As a result, the amount of its construction backlog may not be 
comparable to the construction backlog reported by such other companies. Moreover, there can be no 
assurance that the revenue projected in Sacyr’s construction backlog will be realized or, if realized, will result 
in profit. As a result of project terminations or suspensions and changes in project scope and schedule, Sacyr 
cannot predict with certainty when, or if, its construction backlog will be realized. Sacyr may suffer from 
unexpected or unanticipated cancellations, and, even where a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible 
that the customer may default and fail to pay amounts owed to Sacyr. Delays, cancellations or payment defaults 
may materially adversely affect Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
The public may react negatively to waste management facilities. 
Although Sacyr has not yet encountered any major problems, it may face adverse public opinion in relation to 
its waste recycling activities near inhabited areas, the expansion of such existing facilities or the construction 
of new facilities in this business division. Governments responding to public pressure may restrict the current 
activities of Sacyr or its plans for future expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks relating to the Concession Business Division 
The concession agreements under which Sacyr conducts some of the operations are subject to revocation 
or termination. 
Certain of Sacyr’s operations are conducted pursuant to concessions granted by various governmental bodies. 
Generally, these concessions give Sacyr rights to provide services for a limited period of time, subject to 
various governmental regulations. The governmental bodies responsible for regulating these services often 
have broad powers to monitor Sacyr’s compliance with the applicable concession contracts and can require 
Sacyr to supply them with technical, administrative and financial information. Among other obligations, Sacyr 
may be required to comply with investment commitments and efficiency and safety standards established in 
the concession. Such commitments and standards may be amended in certain cases by the governmental 
bodies. Sacyr’s failure to comply with the concession agreements or other regulatory requirements may result 
in concessions not being granted, upheld or renewed in Sacyr’s favour, or, if granted, upheld or renewed, may 
not be done on as favourable terms as currently applicable. This could have a material adverse effect on 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
During their initial years of operation, Sacyr’s infrastructure concessions generate little or no cash for 
distribution to the Group. 
The development and operation of infrastructure concession assets is a capital-intensive business. Newer assets 
are typically highly leveraged to optimize the capital structure with the objective of maximizing shareholder 
return. The financing structure for a concession is selected based on cash flow projections that Sacyr models 
for that concession. A new project is typically financed through a project finance structure, which involves 
the creation of a legally independent project company financed with debt on a non-recourse basis and with 
equity contributed by Sacyr and, in some cases, other investors. As a result of the high rate of leverage, 
during the initial years of a concession, the costs of financing consume most of a concession’s available cash 
flows, leaving little or no cash flows available for distribution to the Group. In addition, since cash flows 
constitute the main security for the repayment of project borrowings, credit agreements usually limit the use 
of funds by shareholders until certain conditions have been met, which is assessed each year. As a result, it 
is unlikely that cash generated from newer concessions will be available to meet the cash needs of other 
Group companies, including repayment of amounts due under the Notes. Furthermore, it is possible that 
Sacyr’s cash flow projections for a concession will not be met, and that concession may take longer than 
expected to generate cash for its shareholders or may never do so, which could decrease the resources available 
to other Group companies to meet their financial obligations, including those under the Notes. Such a decrease 
may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of Sacyr. 
Infrastructure concessions have a limited duration. 
Upon termination of a concession, in many instances Sacyr must return the infrastructure to the competent 
governmental authority or owner, in an adequate state of repair, together with any assets and facilities required 
for operation, and receives no economic compensation whatsoever. If Sacyr’s concession companies (the 
"Concession Companies") are unable to extend the duration of their concessions during their lifetime or 
are unable to secure new concessions to replace any concessions expired, terminated or recovered, this could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the 
Group.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
Any inability to negotiate adequate compensation for terminated and repurchased concessions or the 
breach by government entities of their obligations to compensate concession companies in those 
circumstances could reduce the future revenues of Sacyr. 
The Concession Companies derive most of their revenues from operations conducted under their concession 
agreements. Under the relevant public laws, the governments of the countries in which their concessions are 
located may unilaterally terminate or repurchase concessions in the public interest, subject to judicial 
supervision. However, to date Sacyr has only experienced a single instance of the unilateral termination of 
one of its concessions, being that of its concession at Corvera airport in Murcia, which took place on 16 
September 2013 (see "Description of the Issuer – Litigation and Legal Proceedings"). If a governmental 
authority exercises its option to terminate or repurchase some of Sacyr’s concessions, in general Sacyr would 
be entitled to receive the compensation provided by law or contract to cover its anticipated profits for the 
remaining duration of the concession agreements. Each contract may have different provisions regarding the 
compensation provided by the relevant authority in the event of early termination of the concession. Depending 
on each contract’s terms and conditions, recovery of its investment might be limited to capped construction 
costs and land acquisition costs. If it is unable to negotiate adequate compensation for terminated or 
repurchased concessions, the revenues of the Concession Companies in the future may be reduced, and the 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group may be materially adversely 
affected. Additionally, Sacyr cannot make any assurances that the relevant governmental authorities will 
honour their compensation undertaking towards Sacyr. Moreover, Sacyr is subject to the risk that the law 
which sets forth the compensation to be paid in case of early termination of the concession is amended in 
such a way that it reduces the potential compensation Sacyr is entitled to receive in case of termination. 
Likewise, in certain other cases, governmental authorities may decide to terminate Sacyr’s concession 
agreements due to a serious violation of its contractual obligations. 
Difficulties in obtaining the necessary land rights could delay certain Sacyr concession projects or lead to 
increased development costs. 
In order to build or extend the toll roads or develop the infrastructure assets for the concessions in which 
Sacyr has an interest, it must obtain the necessary land rights to carry out such development. Sacyr may seek to 
obtain such land rights through market transactions, although it often relies on governmental authority to 
expropriate the land on which the relevant infrastructure asset is to be constructed. In Spain, Sacyr generally 
manages the land acquisition and expropriation process itself, subject to the approval of the relevant 
government authorities. Laws regarding transfer of land rights and land expropriation, and therefore the costs 
and process associated with such transfer or expropriation, vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The 
Concession Companies may be adversely affected by changes in laws governing land transfer and land 
expropriation, or be exposed to the risk of compulsory purchase cost overruns. They may also incur 
delays in connection with the transfer of the necessary land rights or with the land expropriation process, 
which could delay the commencement of operations on their toll roads. In addition, the Concession Companies 
have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to legal claims in connection with carrying out land 
expropriation orders, which have, in the past resulted, and could, in the future result, in additional costs in 
connection with defending against such claims and have, in the past delayed, and could, in the future delay, 
development of the relevant infrastructure assets. Delays or increases in costs for obtaining the necessary 
land rights could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Concession Companies are subject to risks related to their contracts with government or public 
entities. 
Sacyr’s toll road concessions are granted by government or public authorities and are subject to special risks, 
including the risk that the sovereign government will take action contrary to the Group’s rights under the 
concession agreement, for example by unilaterally terminating, amending or expropriating the concessions in 
the public interest. As stated above, Sacyr seeks to operate concessions in developed nations where the risk 
that the sovereign government will take actions of such nature tends to be low, but Sacyr also operates 
concessions in developing countries where such risk is higher. Sacyr cannot give any assurance that the 
relevant governments will not legislate, impose regulations or change applicable laws or act contrary to the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
law in a way that would materially adversely affect its business. Any such action, which could include the 
expropriation of the assets of the Concession Companies, could be taken by a relevant government with or 
without compensation to Sacyr and this could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of Sacyr. 
The Concession Companies depend to a significant extent on the continued availability of attractive levels 
of government subsidies and soft public financing. 
The concession industry depends to a significant extent on the continued availability of attractive levels of 
government subsidies and incentives to attract private investments. Such subsidies can be granted for the 
construction and/or operation of toll roads or other concession’s assets. There is a risk that political 
developments, such as a change in government or governmental policy, could result in subsidized sources of 
financing becoming unavailable and this could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of Sacyr. 
Reduced vehicle use on the toll roads operated by Sacyr’s toll road concession companies with demand risk 
could adversely affect Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
If the Concession Companies with demand risk are unable to maintain an adequate level of vehicle traffic 
on their toll roads, the Group’s toll receipts and profitability will suffer. The tolls collected by the Concession 
Companies on their toll roads depend on the number of vehicles using such toll roads, the capacity of their 
portfolios to absorb traffic and their tariffs. In turn, traffic volumes and toll receipts depend on a number of 
factors, including the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or toll roads that are not part of 
the Group’s portfolio, the quality and state of repair of the toll roads, the economic climate and fuel prices, 
the occurrence of natural disasters such as earthquakes and forest fires, meteorological conditions in the 
countries in which the Concession Companies operate, environmental legislation (including measures to 
restrict motor vehicle use), outbreak of infectious diseases (as the COVID-19 outbreak) or any other serious 
public health threats that may limit free movement of persons or goods and the viability and existence of 
alternative means of transportation, such as air and rail transport, buses and urban mass transportation.  
In addition, competition from alternative transport routes could affect the volume of traffic on the toll roads 
operated by the Concession Companies. In certain cases, the creation of new roads which create an alternative 
transport route to a toll road may give the concession company the right to require that the economic balance 
of their concessions be restored and request compensation. However, an increase in the number and 
convenience of alternative routes could reduce traffic on the toll roads they operate to a greater degree than 
that for which they receive compensation. 
If the Concession Companies are unable to maintain an adequate level of traffic, the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of Sacyr may be adversely affected. 
Tariff rate increases on the toll roads operated by the Concession Companies are limited to inflation under 
some of their concession agreements. 
The revenue generated from Sacyr’s toll road business is dependent in part on its tariff rates and the tariff 
structure is usually established under each individual concession agreement. In certain cases, the Concession 
Companies have limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs beyond the rate of inflation. During the 
life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also unilaterally impose additional restrictions on 
the tariff rates. Whilst the Concession Companies may be able to negotiate compensation from the government 
authority for changes to their tariff structures, or renegotiate their concession terms in general, the Concession 
Companies cannot guarantee the success of their negotiations with the relevant government authority. 
Sacyr has substantial investments and indebtedness, many of which are related to costs incurred during the 
design and construction phase. Sacyr covers these investments and indebtedness principally from its toll road 
receipts. If the assumptions underlying Sacyr’s financial models prove to be incorrect and the revenues 
generated are not sufficient to cover its costs, Sacyr may be unable to successfully adjust the operating

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
parameters due to inflexible concession terms or reduce its costs to remain profitable, which would have a 
material adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the 
Group. 
The public may react negatively to toll collection and periodic tariff readjustments or public pressure may 
cause the relevant government to challenge the tariffs set by the Concession Companies. 
Although the Concession Companies have not yet encountered any major problems with motorists reacting 
adversely to its tariffs, for example, by avoiding tolls or refusing to pay tolls, such problems might arise in the 
future, resulting in lower traffic volumes and reduced toll revenues. These problems could be further 
aggravated by a perception that the Concession Companies are unable or unwilling to effectively recover tolls 
and fees from motorists who fail or refuse to pay. In addition, adverse general public opinion may result in 
pressure to restrict their tariff increases. If public pressure or government action forces the Concession 
Companies to restrict their tariff increases or reduce their tariffs, and they are not able to secure adequate 
compensation to restore the economic balance of the relevant concession agreement, Sacyr’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
Any delays in toll road construction could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Certain risks are inherent in the large-scale construction projects currently being undertaken by Sacyr, such 
as shortages or increases in the cost of materials and labour, general factors affecting economic activity and 
financing, including outbreak of infectious diseases or any other serious public health threats, malfeasance 
by its contractors and sub-contractors and disruptions, either resulting from adverse weather conditions or 
from technical or environmental problems. Construction delays will delay the time at which revenues from a 
toll road concession are received by Sacyr and will reduce the revenue-generating lifetime of the concession. 
These factors could increase Sacyr’s costs and reduce its revenues and, particularly if Sacyr is unable to pass 
on some or all of these costs under the terms of its concession agreements, could materially adversely affect 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Sacyr’s growth may be limited by its inability to obtain new sites and expand existing ones. 
Sacyr’s ability to maintain its competitive position and meet its growth objectives for its operations in Sacyr’s 
concession activity depends on Sacyr’s ability to upgrade existing sites or acquire or lease additional sites in 
strategically located areas. Sacyr’s ability to obtain new sites and expand existing sites is limited by regulation 
and geographic considerations. Government restrictions, including environmental, public health and technical 
restrictions, limit where Sacyr’s facilities and plants can be located. 
Risks relating to the Services Business Division 
Sacyr could be held liable for environmental damage resulting from its operations and its insurance for 
environmental liability may not be sufficient to cover that damage. 
Significant liability could be imposed on Sacyr for damages, clean-up costs or penalties in the event of certain 
discharges into the environment and/or environmental contamination and damage. This is of particular 
importance in the case of landfills, where costs of sealing are very high and are subject to heavy increases 
due to changes in environmental law. Sacyr’s insurance for environmental liability may not be sufficient or 
may not apply to any exposure to which it may be subject resulting from the type of environmental damage 
in question. 
Any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
Sacyr’s results from operations are affected by the cyclical nature of the waste management business. 
The waste management business is cyclical by nature. The demand for waste management services is 
connected to general economic conditions. Demand generally increases in times of economic growth and 
decreases during economic contraction periods. Due to the recent global financial crisis, the level of spending 
in waste decreased, and Sacyr cannot be sure of a favourable change in spending levels in the coming years or 
the impact that COVID-19 may have on the economy activity in the medium term. If conditions continue to 
limit spending in the waste management industry, then the business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects of Sacyr may be adversely affected. 
Sacyr’s Services business division is dependent on the trend toward outsourcing. 
Sacyr’s business and growth depend in large part on the industry trend toward outsourced certain management 
services, including environmental services, water services or multiservices. Outsourcing means that an entity 
contracts with a third party, such as Sacyr, to provide customer contact services rather than perform such 
services in-house. There can be no assurance that this trend will continue, as organizations may elect to 
perform such services themselves. A significant change in this trend could have a material adverse effect on 
Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Sacyr’s business may be adversely affected by potential new laws and regulations prohibiting or limiting 
outsourcing of certain core business activities of Sacyr’s clients in key jurisdictions in which Sacyr conducts 
its business. The introduction of such laws and regulations or the change in interpretation of existing laws 
and regulations could adversely affect Sacyr’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Risks arising in connection with the declaration of Insolvency and the Spanish Insolvency Law 
In the event of insolvency of a debtor the general rule is that the declaration of insolvency shall not affect the 
continuity of the business activity of a debtor company other than in the terms expressly set out in the 
Spanish Insolvency Law. In practice, however, it is likely that any such insolvency declaration will indeed 
have an adverse impact on the operations and business of the debtor. 
In particular it is worth mentioning the claw back regime regulated by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 may on 
Insolvency, approving the restatement text of the insolvency law (the "Spanish Insolvency Law").In 
accordance with the Spanish Insolvency Law, acts performed and agreements entered into by a debtor 
company within the two years immediately preceding the declaration of insolvency may be set aside by the 
court upon the petition of the receivers or the creditors if such acts are considered to be detrimental to the 
company’s asset base (even in the absence of fraud). Unless any of the statutory presumptions of detriment 
applies, the burden of proof is on the receivers or the creditors, as the case may be, alleging that such acts 
were detrimental. However: 
i. 
certain acts and agreements are presumed to be detrimental to the company’s assets base, without any 
possibility for the parties to file evidence against this presumption (this is applicable in the case of acts 
that have been concluded for no consideration and early payments of debts which are not secured with 
a right in rem and the maturity of which fall after the opening of insolvency proceedings); 
ii. 
in respect of certain acts and agreements (such as, for instance, the creation of security in respect of 
pre-existing obligations, onerous contracts entered into with certain related persons, or early payments 
of debts secured with a right in rem and the maturity of which fall after the opening of insolvency 
proceedings) the burden of proof is reversed, and the burden of proof is on the creditor(s) to rebut, to 
the court’s satisfaction, that the relevant acts or agreements were not detrimental to the company’s 
asset base; and 
iii. 
transactions made within the company’s ordinary course of business in ordinary terms and conditions 
cannot be rescinded on the basis of being prejudicial to the company’s asset base.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
The main consequence of rescission is that the reciprocal obligations must be restored and the receivable of 
the creditor (if any) will be classified as a debt against the insolvency estate (please see paragraph (i) of 
"Classification of the company’s debts" above) unless the court finds that the creditor acted in bad faith, in 
which case its claim will be classified as a subordinated claim. 
The above remedy is without prejudice to the possibility to rescind those acts and contracts entered into by the 
company (i) in fraud of creditors during the previous four years or (ii) as null and void (acción de nulidad). 
The agreements in relation to the Notes could be challenged if, amongst others things, those transactions 
were deemed to have been detrimental, as explained above, and (since they are governed by English law) 
provided further that they are capable of being challenged (under any grounds whatsoever) under English 
law.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
Risks in relation to the Notes 
Risks in relation to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”) in respect of an issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international 
financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out 
of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent should, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities 
from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected 
to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and the Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the 
Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks in relation to the Notes generally 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes if it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Notes as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a decision by a court of competent 
jurisdiction) which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the relevant Notes and 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
Potential investors should consider the reinvestment risks in light of other investments available at the time any 
Notes are so redeemed. 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and investors will have to 
rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. The Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under such Notes by making payments to the common depositary or, in the case of Global Notes in 
New Global Note form, the common service provider for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under their relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant (as 
defined below).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Risks associated with the reform of LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate “benchmarks” 
The EURIBOR, the LIBOR and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) and Regulation (EU) 
No. 596/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark 
Regulation") . 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the EU Benchmark Regulation, which entered into 
force on 30 June 2016. Subject to various transitional provisions, the EU Benchmark Regulation applies from 1 
January 2018, except that the regime for ‘critical’ benchmarks has applied since 30 June 2016 and certain 
amendments to Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied from 3 July 2016. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The EU Benchmark Regulation applies to 
“contributors”, “administrators” and “users” of “benchmarks” in the EU, and, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain “equivalence” conditions 
in its local jurisdiction, to be “recognised” by the authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision 
or to be “endorsed” for such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation 
to the administration of “benchmarks” and (ii) bans the use of “benchmarks” of unauthorised administrators. The 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as 
EURIBOR and LIBOR, will apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate indices and other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in 
listed financial instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds.  
The EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a “benchmark” rate or index, 
including in any of the following circumstances:  
(i) a rate or index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) 
does not satisfy the “equivalence” conditions, is not “recognised” pending such a decision and is not 
“endorsed” for such purpose. In such event, depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable 
terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise 
impacted; and 
(ii) the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion.   
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
For example, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of regulatory reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. 
On 5 March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that all 35 LIBOR settings 
currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration will either cease to be provided or will no longer be 
representative immediately after (as applicable to the particular LIBOR benchmark) 31 December 2021, 29 
December 2022 or 30 June 2023. The Bank of England and the FCA had previously announced, on 29 November 
2017, that from January 2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with 
implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling bond, 
loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the 
end of 2021. There are separate on-going workstreams to determine a euro risk free-rate as an alternative to 
EURIBOR. On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate 
("€STR") as the new risk free rate. €STR has been published by the ECB since October 2019. Meanwhile,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
EURIBOR underwent a methodological reform in 2019 to make it compliant with the regulatory requirements 
outlined in the EU Benchmark Regulation. It is now determined using a hybrid methodology rather than a purely 
quote-based method. Following a testing phase and public consultations, the hybrid methodology became 
applicable at the end of 2019, and the European Money Markets Institute has received authorisation from the 
competent authority, meaning that the benchmark can continue to be used for new and legacy contracts after 3 
January 2022. Nevertheless, the long-term sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as the continued 
willingness of the panel of contributing banks to support it, the support of the regulator and the administrator 
and/or whether or not there is sufficient activity in its underlying market. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation apply, subject in each case to certain 
transitional provisions. Each of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Reglation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. The disappearance of a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of 
administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, 
discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such 
“benchmark”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes or any other Notes whose return is 
determined by reference to any benchmark, if the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines at any time that the 
Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference Rate for such Notes appears has been discontinued or following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or 32 of the UK Benchmark Regulation or any other benchmark administrator previously authorised 
to publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer will appoint a 
Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as 
appointed by the Issuer, or (ii) the Calculation Agent (if agreed in writing by the relevant Calculation Agent)) who 
will determine a Replacement Reference Rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, 
the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining 
the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference 
Rate comparable to the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference Rate appears. Such Replacement Reference 
Rate and any such other changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders, 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent and any other person, and will apply to the relevant Notes 
without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution 
and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In 
addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. For example, there are 
currently proposals to replace LIBOR (which generally has a term of one, three or six months) with an overnight 
rate. Similarly, proposals have been made to use a rate on highly rated government obligations to replace LIBOR, 
which is currently based on interbank lending rates and carries an implicit element of credit risk of the banking 
sector. These and other changes could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the 
historical and expected performance of LIBOR or any other relevant benchmark. There can be no assurance that 
any adjustment factor applied to any Series of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in 
turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes 
that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate may 
find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
Replacement Reference Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Reference Rate for 
any discontinued Reference Rate or a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation or 32 of the UK Benchmark Regulation, or any other benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations is 
adopted but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate is not determined, then the provisions for the 
determination of the rate of interest on the affected Notes will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide that the relevant Interest Rate on such Notes will be the last Reference Rate 
available for the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. 
Furthermore, in the event that no Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent and the affected Notes are effectively converted to fixed rate Notes as described above, investors holding 
such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of 
such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely 
affected. 
Risks in relation to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls for investors 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions). 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks for Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral 
for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 39 ---
39

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU; 
(ii) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU;  
(iii) 
the English translation of the unaudited interim report of the Issuer for the three months ended on 31 
March 2021; and 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 47-70 of the previous Base Prospectus dated 
19 May 2020 relating to the Programme; 
each of which have been previously filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin and can be 
accessed on the following addresses: 
(i) 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
https://www.sacyr.com/documents/63048160/73731718/CCAA_ENG.pdf/1e36bcb7-be01-38e8-ddd8-
8ff7cf79b127?1.0 
(ii) 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019: 
https://www.sacyr.com/documents/63048160/63077161/CC%20AA%20Sacyr%20Consolidado%20ingles%2
02019-_tcm30-45428.pdf/4289068d-61ec-d9c4-f207-5b3a010d00c2?1.0 
(iii) 
unaudited interim report of the Issuer for the three months ended on 31 March 2021: 
https://www.sacyr.com/documents/63048160/84360841/Q1%202021%20Results.pdf/2e4cc0d9-c468-
fdfe-9f74-57503f6be7b0?1.0 
 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out on pages 38-68 of the previous Base Prospectus dated 
19 May 2020 relating to the Programme: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c6ca48cf-a2b3-4bf4-a1bc-3d4f4af824d7.pdf

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
Cross-reference list 
The following tables show where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found 
in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Page(s) 
Auditor’s Audit Report ……………………………………………………………...................... 
9-16 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ……………………………………………………………………… 
17-18 
Consolidated Income Statement …………………………………………………………………. 
19-20 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expenses ………………………………….. 
21 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows …………………………………………………………... 
22-23 
Consolidated Comprehensive Statement of Changes in Equity………………………………….. 
24-25 
Notes ……………………………………………………………………………………………... 
26-251 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019 
Page(s) 
Auditor’s Audit Report ……………………………………………………………...................... 
0 
Consolidated Balance Sheet …..……………………………………………………….………… 
10-12 
Consolidated Income Statement …………………………………………………………………. 
13-14 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expenses ………………………………….. 
15-16 
Consolidated Comprehensive Statement of Changes in Equity………………………………….. 
19-20 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ……………………………………………...…………... 
17-18 
Notes ……………………………………………………………………………………………... 
21-231 
 
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are 
either deemed not relevant for an investor or otherwise covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new 
Base Prospectus as may be required by the rules of Euronext Dublin for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made 
by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as so 
modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary Global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1. 163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided however that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”) upon either:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
(i) 
not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of the holder thereof (or all of the holders acting together, if more than one) of the interest(s) 
in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issuing and Paying Agent; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: “€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non- U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of 
the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes upon either: 
(i) 
not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of the holder thereof (or all of the holders acting together, if more than one) of the interest(s) 
in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issuing and Paying Agent; or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 
(Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under the Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 45 ---
45

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes. References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 18 May 2021 between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
as issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a deed of covenant (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 18 May 2021 executed by the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for 
the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) 
(the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes and will register such Public Deed 
with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
(i) 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of those Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to 
the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
(ii) 
No Exchange of Notes 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(iii) Status of the Notes  
The payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes and Coupons constitute and at all times shall 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and upon the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (and unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future, and subject to any 
applicable legal and statutory exceptions) rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, present and future, 
of the Issuer. 
In the event of the Issuer’s insolvency (concurso), under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to 
the Notes and Coupons (unless they qualify as subordinated credits under Article 281 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
The claims that qualify as subordinated under Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Law include, but are 
not limited to, any accrued and unpaid interests not covered by securities interests (including, for Notes 
sold at a discount, the amortisation of the original issue discount from (and including) the date of issue to 
(but excluding) the date upon which the insolvency proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer commenced). 
Ordinary claims rank below administrative expenses (post-petition claims that pre-deductible from the 
estate) (créditos contra la masa) and claims with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary claims rank 
before subordinated claims and the rights of shareholders. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest shall be 
suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency (other than any interest accruing under secured 
liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security). 
(iv) Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes the same 
security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity is 
created as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, any Material Subsidiary acquired after the date on which the Notes have been 
issued may have outstanding security interests with respect to Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of such Relevant Indebtedness) of such Material Subsidiary so long as: 
(i) 
Such security interest was outstanding on the date on which such Material Subsidiary became a 
Material Subsidiary and was not created in contemplation of such Material Subsidiary becoming 
a Material Subsidiary or such security interest was created in substitution for or to replace either 
such outstanding security interest or any such substituted or replacement security interest; and 
(ii) 
The nominal amount of the Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
such Relevant Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such Material Subsidiary became 
a Material Subsidiary. 
(v) 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Interest and other 
Calculations – Calculations). 
(b) Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(e) (Interest and other Calculations – Calculations). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub- paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and (z) if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter- bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Notes will be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest of zero. 
(z) 
(1) If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to, on or following 
any Interest Determination Date, that the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the 
Reference Rate has been discontinued, or (2) following the adoption of a decision to 
withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or 32 of the UK Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) 
appoint an agent (the “Reference Rate Determination Agent”), which will not later than 
the Interest Determination Cut-off Date determine in a commercially reasonable manner 
whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate is available. If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the “Replacement Reference 
Rate”), for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after such determination: (i) the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
will also determine changes (if any) to the business day convention, the definition of 
business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to 
make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate, 
in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions and 
the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
as described in (i) above; (iii) the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders, the relevant Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details 
described in (i) above. 
 
(2) The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, and the 
Noteholders, unless the Issuer considers at a later date that the Replacement Reference 
Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference 
Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate 
or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as 
described in paragraph (z) above, which will then (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the last known Replacement 
Reference Rate will apply. 
 
(3) If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the Relevant Screen Page 
on which appears the Reference Rate has been discontinued or a decision to withdraw the 
authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of the EU Benchmark Regulation (or 
32 of the UK Benchmark Regulation) has been adopted but for any reason a Replacement 
Reference Rate has not been determined later than the Interest Determination Cut-off Date,

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
no Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which 
appears the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last 
Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
(4) The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the 
Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent (if agreed in writing by the relevant Calculation Agent). 
(c) Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)). 
(d) Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of 
(y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) (Interest and other Calculations – 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be; or (iii) For the purposes of any calculations 
required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the countries of such currency. 
(e) Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
(f) Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest and other Calculations – Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant final Terms as being applicable, the Final 
Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note provisions, 
and/or Floating Rate Note provisions shall apply. 
(h) Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(vi) Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default), shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(b) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - Early Redemption) above) (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or, in each case, any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a decision by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options - Redemption for Taxation Reasons), the Issuer shall deliver to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent a certificate signed by a duly authorized representative of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6(b) (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options - Early Redemption) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
Change of Control and/or Tender Offer Triggering Event: 
If Change of Control and/or Tender Offer Triggering Event is specified hereon, upon the 
occurrence of a Change of Control or a Tender Offer Triggering Event, each Noteholder may, 
during the Relevant Event Period, notify the Issuer, as further provided below, that it requires the 
early redemption of some or all of its Notes. The Issuer will redeem in whole (but not in part) the 
Notes subject of the notice on the Relevant Event Redemption Date at their principal amount, 
(together with interest accrued to the Relevant Event Redemption Date). 
A Change of Control or Tender Offer Triggering Event shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) by the Issuer within 14 calendar days of its occurrence (a 
“Change of Control Notice“ or “Tender Offer Triggering Event Notice“, as applicable). Any 
such notification will indicate the Relevant Event Period and the Relevant Event Redemption Date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options 
– Redemption at the Option of Noteholders – Change of Control and/or Tender Offer Triggering 
Event), the holder of a Note must, on any Business Day during the Relevant Event Period, give 
notice to any Paying Agent (an “Option Notice”) of such exercise. An Option Notice once given 
shall be irrevocable. 
Put Option: 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon 
the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
21 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity 
Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series, in whole but 
not in part, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three months before the 
Maturity Date in respect of Notes or such shorter time period as may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(g) 
Purchase 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions)) may at any 
time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(vii) Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v) (Payment and Talons - 
Unmatured Coupons and unchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 7(e)(v) (Payment and Talons - Unmatured Coupons and unchanged Talons)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre 
for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment 
is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse 
tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Issuing and Paying 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities, and (iv) such other agents as may be 
required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date 
for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv)  
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note representing it, as 
the case may be. 
(f) Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(g) Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” 
hereon and:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) (in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) Delay in Payment 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay after the due date in 
receiving the amount due on a Note if the due date is not a Business Day. 
(viii) Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(B) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
it for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days; 
(C)  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if the Issuer does not receive the information as may 
be necessary to allow payments on such Note to be made free and clear of Spanish withholding tax 
or deduction on account of Spanish taxes, including a duly executed and completed payment 
statement from the relevant Paying Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014, as amended, and Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July 2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July 2011, and 
any implementing legislation or regulation, or pursuant to any other law or regulation substituting 
or amending such law or regulation; 
(D) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax, if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with the 
exemption requirements specified in the General Directorate for Taxation’s ruling of 27 July 
2004 and require a withholding to be made; 
(E) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would have been able to avoid such deduction or 
withholding by presenting a certificate of tax residence and /or such other document evidencing 
its tax residence required by the competent authorities; or 
(F)  
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (including any regulations or official 
interpretations issued, agreements (including, without limitation, intergovernmental agreements) 
entered into or non-U.S. laws enacted with respect thereto). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation 
of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
(ix) Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
(x) 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note of the relevant 
Series, in respect of such Note may give written notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent at its specified 
office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note 
together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable: 
(A) 
default is made in the payment on the due date of principal or interest or any other amount in 
respect of any of the Notes and such failure continues for a period of seven (7) days in the case of 
principal and fourteen (14) days in the case of interest or any other amount; 
(B) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in respect 
of the Notes, which default is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Issuing and Paying Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder; 
(C) 
(i) 
any other present or future indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary becomes, or is declared, due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever defined); or 
(ii)  
any such indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised is not paid when 
due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any indebtedness for or in 
respect of moneys borrowed or raised, 
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness, guarantees or indemnities in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (C) have occurred equals or 
exceeds € 30,000,000 or its equivalent and provided further that the relevant event is not remedied 
within 20 days after written notice of such default shall have been given to the Paying Agent at its 
specified office by any Noteholder; 
(D) 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary and is 
not discharged or stayed within 30 days provided that the aggregate amount of property, assets

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
and/or revenues involved in any such distress, attachment, execution or legal process equals or 
exceeds €30,000,000 or its equivalent; 
(E) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed by 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary in respect of any obligation(s) the principal amount of which 
equals or exceeds €30,000,000 (or its equivalent) is enforced (including by the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or 
other similar person); 
(F) 
(i) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is insolvent or bankrupt (concurso de acreedores) 
or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or is declared insolvent or bankrupt or a 
voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the declaration of insolvency 
or bankruptcy; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer stops, suspends or threatens publicly to stop or suspend payment of all or a 
substantial part of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such 
debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting 
all or any substantial part of the debts of the Issuer; 
(G) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or dissolution 
(disolución) of any Material Subsidiary, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each case 
except for (i) the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation; or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and 
assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another 
Material Subsidiary; 
(H) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, 
approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time 
required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes; (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the Notes admissible 
in evidence is not taken, fulfilled or done; 
(I) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has a similar effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or 
(J) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
(xi) Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
(xii) Further Issues

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such 
Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(xiii) Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
London. The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, multi lateral trading facility or other relevant authority 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading and, for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading in the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, in accordance with its rules and 
regulations. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuing and Paying Agent may approve. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the above, for so long as all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(xiv) Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of 
a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by 
any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall 
only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in 
that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase 
on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is 
less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall 
indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be 
sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, 
shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue 
in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in 
respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
(xv) Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
(a) Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant insofar as the same 
may apply to such Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a 
majority of more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of 
proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the 
Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the Deed of Covenant or (x) 
to modify this provision, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such 
a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) Modification 
The Issuer and any Agent may agree without the consent of any other party hereto or the Noteholders to 
any amendment of the Agency Agreement which in the opinion of the Issuer does not materially prejudice 
the interest of the Noteholders or for the purpose of curing and/or correcting a manifest error. 
(c) Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders 
and Modification) shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(xvi) Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(xvii) Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing Law: 
Save as described below, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 3 
(Status of the Notes) is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England 
and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for 
the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right 
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) Service of Process: 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Bondholders Limited at its office at 22a Saint James Square, 
London SW1Y 4JH, United Kingdom as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on 
delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for 
any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in 
London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Nothing shall 
affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
(xviii) Admission to trading and dealing arrangements 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be issued to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Notes may be listed, traded and/or quoted 
on any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotations system, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Arranger. 
(xix) Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or 
(iii)  in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres; 
a “Change of Control“ shall occur if a person or persons acting together acquire Control of the Issuer; 
“Change of Control Notice“ has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options - Redemption at the Option of Noteholders); 
“Change of Control Period“ means the period commencing on the occurrence of a Change of Control 
and ending 60 calendar days following the Change or Control, or if later, 60 calendar days following the 
date on which a Change of Control Notice is given to Noteholders; 
“Control“ means: 
a) 
the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights; or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
b) 
the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors or other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained 
by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting Rights, contract or otherwise and 
“controlled” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; “D1” is the first calendar day, 
expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
(vi)  if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and “D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (as at the date of the Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained 
from the designated distributor). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a subsidiary of the Issuer, that is any entity whose 
financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer, (but excluding (i) any Limited Recourse 
Subsidiary (as defined hereunder), and (ii) Vallehermoso División Promoción, S.A.U.): 
(a) 
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues of the subgroup of such 
Material Subsidiary) at any relevant time represent no less than 7.5 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries, as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated audited accounts or 
consolidated six monthly reports of the Issuer and the latest accounts or six monthly reports of 
each relevant subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU, provided that in the case of a subsidiary acquired after the end of the 
financial period to which the then latest consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six 
monthly reports of the Issuer relate, then for the purpose of applying each of the foregoing tests, 
the reference to the Issuer’s latest consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six monthly 
reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if such subsidiary had 
been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, adjusted as 
deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Issuer for the time being after consultation with the 
Issuer; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which, 
immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (as at the date of the Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which 
takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
“Limited Recourse Financing” means any indebtedness which is, or is expected to be, recorded as 
“project finance” or “project bonds” (or such other or additional term used or to be used as a line item 
in, or line item in the notes to, the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as is certified by a director 
of the Issuer as the term which designates limited recourse project financing) in the Issuer’s annual 
consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
“Limited Recourse Subsidiary” means any present or future Subsidiary of the Issuer, the principal 
business of which involves the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, maintenance 
and/or operation of an asset (whether or not an asset of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries), or any 
associated rehabilitation works, which has been or is intended to be primarily financed with Limited 
Recourse Financing. 
“Officers’ Certificate” means a certificate signed on behalf of the Issuer by an authorised signatory of the 
Issuer; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon; 
“Relevant Event Redemption Date“ means the date specified by the Issuer in the Change of Control 
Notice or the Tender Offer Triggering Event Notice, as applicable, being a date not earlier than five nor 
later than 10 Business Days after expiry of the Relevant Event Period; 
“Relevant Event Period“ means in relation to a Change of Control, the Change of Control Period and, 
in relation to a Tender Offer Triggering Event, the Tender Offer Triggering Event Period; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced 
by, Notes, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended 
to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter 
or other securities market, but shall not in any event include any Limited Recourse Financing; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Subsidiary” means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the 
Issuer; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
“Tender Offer“ means a tender offer (including a competing tender offer); 
“Tender Offer Triggering Event“ means the approval by any relevant authority of a Tender Offer which 
could result, immediately following completion of the Tender Offer, in the offeror and/or any person 
acting together with the offeror having Control of the Issuer; 
“Tender Offer Triggering Event Notice“ has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options - Redemption at the Option of Noteholders); 
“Tender Offer Triggering Event Period“ shall mean the period commencing on and including the date 
the Tender Offer Triggering Event occurs and ending on and including the last date on which the Tender 
Offer is open for acceptance; and

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
“Voting Rights“ means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes 
shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
SACYR, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability 
 under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
Under the €500,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (“Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 May 2021. [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(“Prospectus Regulation”)1. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]1 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] 
[have] [has] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 May 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2020 
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]][, which [together] constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: live.euronext.com] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, as amended or superseded (“IMD”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
 
1 When drafting Final Terms in relation to an issue of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, references to the 
Prospectus Regulation should be removed.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a retail client,as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) no 2017/565 as 
it forms part of the current domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) no 600/2014 as it 
forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPS Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available  to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES IN CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities 
issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-
105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements 
of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES IN SWITZERLAND - The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and will 
not be admitted to trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood 
pursuant to the FinSA and neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market –
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) no 600/2014 as it forms part of the current domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer [’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sacyr, S.A. 
2. 
(i) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date]/]the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 20 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]]] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount 
[●] 
7. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date]/[Floating rate – [Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 14 below)] 
[[●] month [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent.  
Floating Rate (see paragraph 15 below)] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[From the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date],

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
paragraph [14]/[15] applies, and from the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14]/[15] applies]/[Not Applicable]] 
12. 
Change of Control/ Tender Offer 
Triggering Event 
[Change of Control] 
[Tender Offer Triggering Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
14. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where board of directors approval is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date  
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/[not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in]/[on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] /[[30/360] 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 /Eurobond Basis]] 
/ [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.) (N:B: only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-(ICMA))]/]Not 
Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[•] each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date 
[•]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below]/[, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) is specified to be Not Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
[is/are] to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[•] month [LIBOR, EURIBOR] 
 
- Reference Bank: 
[•] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•]per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]] / [[30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis]] / [30E/360(ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual- 
(ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
6(b) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options - Early Redemption) 
applies] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
Change of Control/ Tender Offer 
Triggering Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Relevant Event Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
6(b) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options - Early Redemption) 
applies] 
 
(iii) Relevant Event Redmeption Date: 
[•] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(b) (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options - Early Redemption) applies] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[•] 
20. Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Notice Period: 
[•] 
21. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. Early Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. Form of Notes 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days’ notice]/[in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days’ notice]/[in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
24. New Global Note (NGN): 
[Yes]/[No] 
25. Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which paragraph 
15(vi) relates) 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No]/[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
27. Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR] is provided by [European Money 
Markets 
Institute]/[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited]. As at the date hereof, [European Money Markets 
Institute]/[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation/[and/or] the Financial Conduct Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the UK Benchmark Regulation [Not 
Applicable]]  
OTHER 
28. Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[•] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[(relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Sacyr, S.A. 
 
 
 
By:....................................................................  
Duly authorized

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market on [•] with effect from [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been 
rated 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer 
[General corporate purposes] / [●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus ) 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible national 
numbering agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
 
CFI Code: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] [As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible national 
numbering agency that assigned the ISIN.] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) 
[Not Applicable]/[give names and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
Name and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
Name and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Name and addresses of Calculating 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[[give names]] 
 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[[give name(s)]] 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[[give name]] 
 
(v) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable] 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following provisions apply to the Notes whilst they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the 
Conditions. 
Clearing system accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in 
the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the 
Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options - Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the 
period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Issuing and Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option 
is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the 
Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions 
but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, 
at their discretion).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
Meetings: The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Notes. 
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note, except that, 
for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading in the regulated market of Euronext Dublin all notices shall be 
published in a manner which complies with its rules and regulations.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes may be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes or may 
be applied for particular uses, as determined by the Issuer. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
Sacyr, S.A. previously Sacyr Vallehermoso, S.A. and whose commercial name together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (the "Group") is "Sacyr", was incorporated in Madrid on 5 July 1921 as a limited liability 
company (sociedad anónima) for an indefinite period under the name of "Compañía Madrileña de 
Contratación y Transportes, S.A." and on 25 July 2013 it changed its corporate name to "Sacyr, S.A.". Its tax 
identification 
number 
(NIF) 
is 
A-28013811, 
its 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
Code 
is 
959800XKAB9VNAVN9425 and it is currently registered in the Commercial Registry of Madrid in volume 
1884, sheet 61, page M-33841 and entry 677. 
The Issuer’s current registered office is located at calle Condesa de Venadito nº 7, 28027 Madrid, Spain and 
its telephone number is +34 91 545 5000. 
The information related to the Issuer included in this section has been extracted from the audited consolidated 
annual accounts of Sacyr as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, and from 
the the unaudited interim report of the Issuer for the three months ended on 31 March 2021. 
The Issuer complies with the Spanish Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July, which approved the 
consolidated text of the Spanish Companies Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de Julio, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). 
Share capital and major shareholders  
As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s issued and paid-up share capital was €604,572,039 made up of 
604,572,039 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1 each, represented by book entries and forming a 
single class. 
On 24 April 2014, Sacyr undertook an issue of convertible bonds having a total amount of €250 million and 
maturing on 8 May 2019 (the "2019 Convertible Bonds"). The 2019 Convertible Bonds were issued at par 
value, with nominal value of €100,000 each, and bear annual nominal interest of 4.0 per cent., payable on a 
quarterly basis. The 2019 Convertible Bonds were convertible into newly issued ordinary shares of Sacyr 
and/or exchangeable for existing shares during the period commencing 41 days after the date of disbursement 
and ending on the tenth day before the prepayment date. Sacyr may choose, upon each conversion request, 
whether to issue new shares or deliver existing shares. The initial conversion price of the 2019 Convertible 
Bonds was €5.725. The 2019 Convertible Bonds are admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's 
exchange-regulated Open Market (Freiverkehr). During 2019 Sacyr fully amortized €250 million of the 2019 
Convertible Bonds. 
On 7 June 2018, Sacyr’s General Shareholders’ Meeting approved two separate share capital increases with 
a charge to profits or reserves as a means of remunerating its shareholders (i.e. a scrip dividend), for a 
maximum par value of up to €36 for both share capital increases (i.e. for a maximum par value of €18 million 
for the first share capital increase and of €18 million for the second) through the issuance of new ordinary 
shares each with a par value of €1, with no share premium, of the same class and series as those in circulation, 
with the possibility of incomplete subscription. The powers to establish the conditions for the share capital 
increase were delegated to Sacyr’s Board of Directors. The share capital was increased on 2 August 2018, 
corresponding to the first of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of €9,797,346 up to 
€553,555,329. Subsequently, the share capital was increased on 8 January 2019, corresponding to the second 
of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of € 15,039,736 up to € 568,595,065. 
On 13 June 2019 Sacyr’s General Shareholders’ Meeting approved two separate share capital increases with 
a charge to profits or reserves as a means of remunerating its shareholders (i.e. a scrip dividend), for a

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
maximum par value of up to €36 for both share capital increases (i.e. for a maximum par value of €18 million 
for the first share capital increase and of €18 million for the second) through the issuance of new ordinary 
shares each with a par value of €1, with no share premium, of the same class and series as those in circulation, 
with the possibility of incomplete subscription. The share capital was increased on 13 June 2019, 
corresponding to the first of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of € 13,410,823 up to 
€582,005,888. Subsequently, the share capital was increased on 14 February 2020, corresponding to the 
second of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of €11,980,391 up to €593,986,279. 
On 25 April 2019, Sacyr undertook an issue of convertible bonds having a total amount of €175 million and 
maturing on 25 April 2024 (the "2024 Convertible Bonds"). The 2024 Convertible Bonds were issued at par 
value, with nominal value of €100,000 each, and bear annual nominal interest of 3.75 per cent., payable on a 
quarterly basis. The 2024 Convertible Bonds were convertible into newly issued ordinary shares of Sacyr 
and/or exchangeable for existing shares during the period commencing 41 days after the date of disbursement 
and ending on the tenth day before the prepayment date. Sacyr may choose, upon each conversion request, 
whether to issue new shares or deliver existing shares. The initial conversion price of the 2024 Convertible 
Bonds was €2.8898. The 2024 Convertible Bonds are admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange's 
exchange-regulated Open Market (Freiverkehr). 
On 11 June 2020 Sacyr’s General Shareholders’ Meeting approved two separate share capital increases with 
a charge to profits or reserves as a means of remunerating its shareholders (i.e. a scrip dividend), for a 
maximum par value of up to €36 for both share capital increases (i.e. for a maximum par value of €18 million 
for the first share capital increase and of €18 million for the second) through the issuance of new ordinary 
shares each with a par value of €1, with no share premium, of the same class and series as those in circulation, 
with the possibility of incomplete subscription. The share capital was increased on 30 November 2020, 
corresponding to the first of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of € 10,585,760 up to 
€604,572,039. Subsequently, the share capital was increased on 3 February 2021, corresponding to the 
second of the two share capital increases, in a total amount of €11,878,992 up to €616,451,031. 
The Issuer’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia stock exchanges (the "Spanish 
Stock Exchanges") and have been quoted on the Automated Quotation System of the Spanish Stock 
Exchanges since 1953. The shares of the Issuer are included in the following indexes: IBEX Medium Cap 
Index, IGBM, MSCI World Index USD, MSCI Euro Index, DJ Euro Stoxx Price Euro, DJ Stoxx 600 Price, 
Ethical Index Euro, FTSE Europe Ex UK and FTSE4Good IBEX. 
As at 31 March 2021, the shareholding base according to the information contained in the register of Sociedad 
de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. (“Iberclear”) is 
composed of:  
Name 
Stake (%) 
DISA CORPORACIÓN PETROLÍFERA, S.A. 
12.66% 
GRUPO CORPORATIVO FUERTES, S.L. 
6.33% 
BETA ASOCIADOS, S.L. 
5.16% 
PRILOMI, S.L. 
4.70% 
PRILOU, S.L. 
3.58% 
Others 
67.57% 
 
To the best of Sacyr's knowledge, no direct or indirect shareholder, acting individually or in concert with 
others, controls the Issuer. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer, as at the date hereof, is composed of the following thirteen directors:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Type of Director  
Manuel Manrique Cecilia 
Chairman and CEO 
Executive 
Demetrio Carceller Arce 
1st Vice Chairman 
Proprietary(1) 
Luis Javier Cortés Domínguez 
Director 
Other external 
Isabel Martín Castella 
Director 
Independent 
PRILOU, S.L. (represented by José 
Manuel Loureda Mantiñán) 
Director 
Proprietary 
María Jesús de Jaén Beltrá 
Director 
Independent 
GRUPO CORPORATIVO FUERTES, 
S.L. (represented by Tomás Fuertes 
Fernández) 
Director 
Proprietary 
Raimundo Baroja Rieu 
Director 
Proprietary 
Augusto Delkader Teig 
Director 
Independent 
Juan María Aguirre Gonzalo 
Director 
Independent 
Francisco Javier Adroher Biosca 
Director 
Proprietary 
José Joaquín Güell Ampuero 
Director 
Independent 
Elena Jiménez de Andrade Astorqui 
Director 
Independent 
Ana María Sala Andrés 
Secretary (non-Director) 
 
Alfonso Aguirre Díaz de Guardamino 
Vice Secretary (non-
Director) 
 
(1) Consejero dominical in Spanish.  
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is calle Condesa de Venadito nº 7, 
28027 Madrid, Spain. 
The table below sets out the companies in which the members of the Board of Directors carry out other 
activities outside the Issuer, which are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name 
Entity 
Position/Title 
Manuel Manrique Cecilia  
- Repsol, S.A. 
- 2nd Vice Chairman 
 
- Sacyr Construcción, S.A. (Group 
company) 
- Chairman 
 
- Sacyr Servicios, S.A. (Group 
company) 
- Director 
 
- Sacyr Concesiones, S.L. (Group 
company) 
- Chairman 
 
- Sacyr Gestión de Activos, S.L. (Group 
company) 
- Representative of the sole director 
Sacyr, S.A. 
 
- Tebalsa Construcciones e Inversiones, 
S.L. 
- Sole Director 
 
- Cymofag, S.L. 
- Sole Director 
 
- Sacyr Fluor, S.A. 
- Director  
Demetrio Carceller Arce 
- Sociedad Anónima Damm (Group 
Company) 
- Chairman 
 
- Disa Corporación Petrolifera, S.A. 
- Chairman 
 
- Ebro Foods, S.A.  
- Vice Chairman 
Juan María Aguirre Gonzalo 
- Quantop Investments, SICAV, S.A. 
- Director 
 
- Mallorquina de Títulos, SICAV, S.A. 
- Director 
 
- Gardama de Inversiones, SICAV, S.A. 
- Director

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
Name 
Entity 
Position/Title 
 
- Merlin Properties SOCIMI SA. 
- Director 
Augusto Delkader 
- Prisa Radio, S.A. 
- Chairman 
 
-  
-  
Raimundo Baroja Rieu 
- Disa Corporación Petrolífera, S.A. 
- Vice Chairman 
 
- DAMM, S.A. 
- Director 
 
Sacyr believes that no conflicts of interest exist between the duties of the members of its Board of Directors 
and their private interests or other duties, other than as disclosed in Sacyr’s audited consolidated annual 
accounts and its annual corporate governance report for the year ended 31 December 2020. In the event that 
any such conflicts of interest arise, Sacyr manages them in accordance to its internal rules and policies. 
Sacyr’s History 
Sacyr is a multinational and diversified infrastructures and services company listed on the IBEX Medium 
Cap Index. Sacyr, as it exists today, is the result of various corporate mergers, as summarised below:  
• 
Vallehermoso, S.A. was incorporated in 1921 under the name "Compañía Madrileña de Contratación y 
Transportes, S.A." and expanded into real estate development in 1953. It changed its original name to 
Vallehermoso, S.A. and began to acquire and build urban properties for lease or sale. In 1989, it merged 
with Corporación Inmobiliaria Hispamer, S.A. and Inmobanif, S.A., forming a company with greater 
geographical diversification, while extending its traditional business in the fields of housing, offices and 
commercial premises to include developing shopping centres, hotels and car parks. By the 1990s, it was 
considered the leading Spanish real estate company. Vallehermoso, S.A. was reorganised in 2000 and 
converted into a holding company with three main subsidiaries: Vallehermoso División Promoción, 
S.A.U. ("Vallehermoso División"), Vallehermoso Renta, S.A. and Valoriza, S.A., which respectively 
engaged in residential development, property-owning and services. As of 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2017, Sacyr’s shareholding in Vallehermoso División was accounted for as a non-current 
asset held for sale. 
• 
Sociedad Anónima Caminos y Regadíos, S.A. was incorporated in 1986, with a business model based 
on construction and focused primarily on civil engineering. It changed its name to Sacyr, S.A. in 1991. 
In 1996, Sacyr, S.A. moved into the contracting business and since then it has increased its presence in 
that sector, while also diversifying its construction business by moving into new areas such as building, 
real estate and services. In 2002, Sacyr, S.A. became the holding company of the Group, while Sacyr 
Concesiones, S.A. focused on concession business and Sacyr, S.A. focused on construction. 
• 
On 28 May 2002, Sacyr, S.A. acquired 24.5 per cent. of Vallehermoso, S.A., and subsequently, on 29 
January 2003, the respective boards of directors of Sacyr, S.A. and Vallehermoso, S.A. approved a 
merger project that was submitted for approval and approved by both companies’ General Shareholder 
Meetings on 3 April 2003. The merger process was completed on 2 June 2003 and shares in the merged 
company, named Sacyr Vallehermoso, S.A., started trading on the same date. The aim of the merger was 
to create a diversified construction group with complementary business lines, comprising activities 
generating cash flow (construction and residential development) with others generating revenues and 
high margins (property-owning and infrastructure concessions), all of them coupled with a diversified 
services division. 
• 
On 31 July 2013, the Issuer changed its name to "Sacyr, S.A." pursuant to the approval of Sacyr’s 
General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 27 June 2013. 
• 
After a corporate rebranding in March 2018, Sacyr’s construction business division, previously known 
as Sacyr Construction, is now called Sacyr Engineering and Infrastructures. In addition, the Services 
business division maintains the Valoriza Servicios brand in Spain, but is known as Sacyr Services in

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
international markets. Sacyr Industrial and Sacyr Concessions complete the second level of brand 
architecture. Therefore, the four business divisions of the Sacyr group are as follows: (i) Engineering 
and Infrastructures, (ii) Concessions, (iii) Industrial and (iv) Services. 
Sacyr’s Business and Group Structure 
Sacyr is a diversified group, focused on innovation and international expansion in all its areas. Over time, 
Sacyr has developed a global business focused on internationalisation as the engine for growth coupled with 
a local perspective when required. Sacyr believes such vision has allowed it to become one of the world 
leaders in the building and management of infrastructures and industrial projects and services. Sacyr has 
activities and operations in over 29 countries across five continents, working through subsidiaries in 
Australia, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Oman, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Qatar, 
United Kingdom and United States of America, among others. Sacyr is structured as a holding company, with 
sub-holdings for each of the business divisions. At 31 December 2020, the Group comprised the Issuer as 
holding company and 288 companies, of which 238 were subsidiary companies and the remaining 50 were 
associate companies.  
Since the restructuring in 2020 of its business divisions, following the integration its two EPC areas (Sacyr 
Engineering and Infrastructures and Sacyr Industrial) into one, Sacyr has structured its activities through 
three main business areas of activity: (i) Engineering and Infrastructures; (ii) Concessions; and (iii) 
Services.  
In addition, Sacyr's business divisions are further divided into areas of activity as follows:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
The table below sets out the entities that head up each business division and each business division’s revenue, EBITDA and backlog on a consolidated basis as of and for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
Revenues 
EBITDA(1) 
Backlog 
Segments 
Holding 
Company 
1Q21(6) 
% 
1Q20(5) 
20203) 
% 
2019(4) 
% 
1Q21(6) 
% 
1Q20(5) 
2020(3) 
% 
2019(4) 
% 
1Q21(6) 
% 
2020(3) 
% 
2019(4) 
% 
 
 
( Thousands of euros) 
Engineering and 
Infrastructures 
Sacyr 
Construcción, 
S.A. 
628 
60 
563 
2,612 
58 
2,427 
56 
75 
39 
66 
291 
40 
276 
41 
5,957 
15 
5,622 
14 
7,488 
18 
Concessions 
Sacyr 
Concesiones, S.L. 
289 
27 
273 
1,381 
30 
1,121 
27 
104 
54 
84 
365 
50 
348 
51 
31,665 
79 
30,895 
79 
32,390 
75 
Services 
Sacyr Servicios, 
S.A. 
243 
23 
257 
992 
22 
1,022 
25 
21 
10 
22 
89 
12 
92 
14 
2,567 
6 
2,668 
7 
3,087 
7 
Holding, 
promotion and 
adjustment 
 
(104) 
(10) 
(108) 
(437) 
(10) 
(401) 
(8) 
(6) 
(3) 
(6) 
(21) 
(3) 
(36) 
(5) 
- 
- 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total 
 
1,057 
100 
986 
4,548 
 100 
4,169 
 100 
194 
208.7 
166 
724 
  
680 
  
40,189 
100 
39,185  100 
42,965 
 100 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
"EBITDA" is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, impairment losses and asset disposals. The tables below show the EBITDA reconciliation for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Backlog is defined as the part of the contracts signed pending execution. 
(3) 
Figures as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 were extracted from the 2020 consolidated annual accounts. 
(4) 
Figures as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 were extracted from the 2020 consolidated annual accounts, as re-estate for comparative purposes. 
(5) 
Figures for the three months period ended 31 March 2020 were extracted from the 31 March 2021 unaudited consolidated interim report, as re-estate for comparative purposes.  
(6) 
Figures for the three months period ended 31 March 2021 were extracted from the 31 March 2021 unaudited consolidated interim report.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
EBITDA reconciliation 
 
Engineering and 
Infrastructures 
  
Concessions 
 
Services 
 
Holding and consolidation 
adjustments 
  
Total 
 
Operating results 
 
(millions of euros) 
 
 
187 
 
301 
 
44 
 
-65 
 
467 
 
Depreciation and 
amortization 
 
80 
 
53 
 
43 
 
3 
 
179 
 
Impairment of goodwill 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
 
Changes in traffic 
provisions 
 
23 
 
5 
 
-1 
 
51 
 
78 
 
Changes in provisions for 
intangible and tangible 
assets and order book 
 
1 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
 
1 
 
Provisions associated 
with other operating 
expenses 
 
0 
 
6 
 
3 
 
-10 
 
-1 
 
EBITDA 
 
291 
 
365 
 
89 
 
-21 
 
724 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019* 
EBITDA reconciliation 
 
Engineering and 
Infrastructures 
  
Concessions 
 
Services 
 Holding and consolidation 
adjustments 
  
Total 
 
Operating results 
 
(millions of euros) 
 
 
124 
 
287 
 
50 
 
-20 
 
441 
 
Depreciation and amortization 
 
79 
 
58 
 
44 
 
6 
 
187 
 
Impairment of goodwill 
 
68 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
 
68 
 
Changes in traffic provisions 
 
-6 
 
-12 
 
-1 
 
-25 
 
-44 
 
Changes in provisions for intangible 
and tangible assets and order book 
 
6 
 
-1 
 
-1 
 
0 
 
4 
 
Provisions associated with other 
operating expenses 
 
5 
 
16 
 
0 
 
3 
 
24 
 
EBITDA 
 
276 
 
348 
 
92 
 
-36 
 
680 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
*Re-stated.  
 
Sacyr’s internationalisation strategy started at the end of 1996, channelled through Sacyr’s contracting 
business and initially undertaken on the back of Sacyr’s construction business. Subsequently, Sacyr also 
expanded its concessions business internationally, starting with the operation of motorways in Chile. In 2000, 
this was further complemented by Sacyr becoming the largest shareholder of Somague Engenharia, S.A. 
("Somague"), a leading Portuguese construction firm, with operations in both Portugal and Brazil. Over time, 
Sacyr has selectively moved into new markets in search of growth, both in terms of revenues and profitability, 
to gain a competitive advantage. In particular, Sacyr’s international growth has accelerated over the last 
decade, and as a result of this geographical expansion and business diversification, Sacyr now ranks as a

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
multinational corporation with global operations and a broad and diversified client base with no significant 
dependence on any individual client or group of related clients.  
As a result of Sacyr’s internationalisation strategy, 65.61% per cent. of Sacyr’s total revenue was generated 
outside of Spain in the year ended 31 December 2020. Sacyr’s international revenue amounted to €3,299 
million as of 31 December 2020 while domestic revenue amounted to €1,735 million (excluding 
consolidation adjustments). International revenue as of 31 December 2019 amounted to €2,571 million while 
domestic revenue amounted to €2,045 million (excluding consolidation adjustments).  
As of 31 December 2020, 79.89 per cent. of Sacyr’s backlog consisted of non-domestic transactions (i.e. 
those to be performed outside of Spain). Sacyr defines "backlog" as contracts signed with either public or 
private sector customers in respect of which Sacyr's contracted obligations have not yet been performed. 
Sacyr’s backlog is revisited on a quarterly basis and adjusted for work already performed or additional work 
to be performed, costs incurred and/or changes in currency exchanges rates. In the case of Sacyr’s Concession 
business division, backlog reflects the estimated euro value associated with operating the relevant 
concessions over the concessional period, as estimated in Sacyr’s internal financial models for each 
concession, revisited annually and adjusted for inflation estimates.  
Engineering and Infrastructures Business Division 
Since the restructuring in 2020 of its business divisions, following the integration its two EPC areas (Sacyr 
Engineering and Infrastructures and Sacyr Industrial) into one, the Group's Engineering and Infrastructures 
business division carries out all types of civil and building works for both public and private sector customers 
and all engineering activities, EPC activities (engineering, procurement and construction) of energy and 
industry plants (including construction and operation of thermosolar plants, biomass and cogeneration 
facilities), and a diverse range of oil and gas, environment and mining and electrical infrastructures.  
Building works comprise the construction of both residential and non-residential buildings, including offices, 
hotels, hospitals and other institutional buildings. This business is mainly conducted through Sacyr 
Construcción, S.A.U. ("Sacyr Construcción") in Spain and Chile, Somague in Portugal, and SISS.C.P.A. 
("SIS") in Italy. The Group offers services related to all stages of the construction process. The Engineering 
and Infrastructures business division is a strategic business for the Group, as it generates cash flow, has 
growth potential and allows the creation of synergies with other strategic activities, such as infrastructure 
concessions.  
Sacyr’s construction activities are primarily composed of civil works, with a particular focus on high 
technological and added-value works. Civil works accounted for 81.83 per cent. of the revenues of Sacyr 
Construcción in 2020 and 80.77 per cent. in 2019. The remainder of Sacyr Construcción's revenues come 
from non-residential construction, services and others related activities. In the past, Sacyr Construcción has 
been engaged in major projects in the development space including both residential and non-residential 
construction projects. Sacyr had undertaken several significant projects, during 2019 the percentage remained 
stable, due to the incorporation of very significant contracts during such year such as, among others the 
construction of the new Ruta 66 "Camino de la Fruta" motorway in Chile, for a total of 383 million euros; 
the construction of the "Los Vilos - La Serena" motorway, also in Chile, for a total of 331 million euros; the 
construction of the new "Sotero del Río" Hospital in Chile, for a total of 328 million euros. In 2020, Sacyr 
has undertaken several significant projects, among others, the construction of the road SS 340 Regina-
Tremezinna variant in Italy for a total of 388 million euros, the construction of offices and promotions in 
Spain for 314 million euros, the expansion of “Jorge Chavez” airport in Peru for 190 million euros and the 
construction of a bypass of the US59 in Texas for 128 million euros. 
The Group conducts its industrial activities primarily through Sacyr Industrial, S.L.U. ("Sacyr Industrial"). 
Sacyr Industrial is the result of the integration of Sacyr’s engineering and industrial construction specialists 
working in development and design, engineering, construction and operation, including renewable power

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
plants, cogeneration plants, biomass plants, solar energy and geothermal plants, engineering, procurement 
and construction operations ("EPC") for industrial processes, and operation and maintenance of power plants 
and industrial facilities with an installed power capacity of more than 1200 MW, the design, construction and 
operation of waste treatment and upgrade plants, having designed and built 43 waste management plants and 
installed 150 MWe of electrical power. It also has experience in mining and processing plant projects, EPC 
solutions for refineries, the chemical and petrochemical industry, processing and treatment of gas and LNG, 
in addition to the transport and storage of liquid and gas fuels; engineering and construction of high-voltage 
power lines, electrical substations and low, medium and high-voltage facilities and the design and 
construction of water plants of all technologies, including desalination, water purification and wastewater 
treatment projects. 
Concessions Business Division 
The Group’s concessions business, primarily operated through Sacyr Concesiones, started in 1996 when the 
Group was awarded its first concession in Chile, namely the Los Vilos – La Serena section of Route 5. The 
concession portfolio continued to expand subsequently through awards and acquisitions both in Spain and 
internationally, and by participation in tenders arising from privatisation processes. 
Sacyr Concesiones S.L. ("Sacyr Concesiones") is currently the Group’s vehicle for its infrastructure 
concession business. Sacyr Concesiones promotes, develops and manages various types of concessions 
including all types of transport infrastructure in the European Union and South America, focusing primarily 
on "greenfield" projects and provides operation and maintenance services within a single package. In 2008 
Sacyr sold Itínere Infraestructuras, S.A. ("Itínere") to Citi Infrastructure Partners, but remained a major 
player in the concession space, maintaining, at that time, over twenty concessions that were contributed in 
2008 to Sacyr Concesiones. The sale of a number of investees making up Itínere was completed in 2009, 
resulting in Sacyr maintaining stakes in twenty five concessions under construction and in the ramp-up stage, 
in addition to non-motorway concessions (service stations, transport hubs, airports and hospitals).  
The Concessions business division mainly comprises of the operation of toll roads, motorways and other road 
concessions, the operation of hospitals and water services, although Sacyr Concesiones also holds interests 
in certain other concessions. Globally, the Group ranks seventh among managers of transport infrastructure 
concessions and fourth in greenfield infrastructure projects developed according to the Public Works 
Financing. As of 31 December 2020, Sacyr Concesiones held a portfolio of 58 concessions spread across 13 
countries (Spain, Portugal, Chile, USA, Algeria, Peru, Colombia, Uruguay, Ireland, Paraguay, Oman, Brazil 
and Mexico), of which 44 were operational and 14 were under construction.  
In 2020, all water services, carried out through Sacyr Agua, S.L.U. ("Sacyr Agua", previously Valoriza Agua, 
S.L.) focusing on providing integrated water cycle management services, production of drinking water, 
desalination, purification and reuse and reutilisation of water were integrated within the Concession business 
division.  
Services Business Division 
The activities of Sacyr’s Services business division comprise infrastructure and facility maintenance and 
management, motorway and road maintenance and service areas, waste management, providing an integral 
service for its clients. 
The Group conducts its services activities primarily through Sacyr Servicios, S.A. ("Sacyr Servicios") which 
serves as holding company of the services companies of the Group. Sacyr Servicios has experienced strong 
dynamic growth in recent years, underpinned by corporate restructuring. Sacyr Servicios focuses on the 
following two business areas: 
- 
Environmental Services: carried out through Valoriza Servicios Medioambientales, S.A. ("Valoriza 
Medioambiente") focusing on municipal services, operation and maintenance of waste, treatment and

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
recovery of plants, treatment of wastewater and sludge, gardening, landscaping restoration work and 
environmental projects. 
- 
Multiservices: comprising a wide range of services such as end-to-end facilities management, industrial 
maintenance, servicing and maintenance of motorways, highways and other road systems, maintenance 
of dams and canals, service stations on motorways and roads, healthcare services comprehensive 
hospital management and mining operations.  
Investments and Divestments: Repsol and Testa  
Repsol 
In line with its diversification strategy and in view of the high potential and strategic importance of the energy 
sector, in 2006 Sacyr acquired a 20 per cent. stake in Repsol, becoming the largest shareholder at the time. 
In December 2011, Sacyr sold a 10 per cent. stake in Repsol and used the proceeds to release €2.45 billion 
of debt that it had incurred to finance part of its acquisition of its stake in Repsol. The remaining outstanding 
debt amounting to €2.26 billion was refinanced on 7 May 2015. The refinancing agreement implied the 
deferral in the maturity date of the debt until 31 January 2018. Further amounts of €611 million, €885 million 
and €769 were repaid in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and therefore, as of 31 December 2017, there 
was no outstanding amount of the loan to be repaid by Sacyr. 
On 29 September 2016, 14 December 2016 and 10 April 2017, Sacyr entered into three hedging transactions 
in relation to 20,000,000, 30,000,000 and 72,704,410 shares of Repsol (amounting to 100 per cent. of Sacyr’s 
total stake in Repsol) with Banco Santander, Société Générale and JP Morgan respectively, in order to reduce 
Sacyr’s exposure to the market price variation risk of Repsol shares under the thresholds of €10.50/share, 
€11.8/share and €13.75//share, respectively. With these transactions, Sacyr has removed its risk related to 
Repsol shares decreasing below the mentioned thresholds, and it has retained the potential upside in the 
market price of Repsol shares up to an undisclosed cap considerably above current trading levels as of the 
date hereof.  
As of 31 December 2020, Sacyr’s stake amounted to 7.8353 per cent., making it Repsol’s largest shareholder 
following CaixaBank’s divestment in September 2018.  
Repsol is one of the leading oil companies in Spain and one of Spain’s leading sellers of liquefied petroleum 
gas. In chemical products, Repsol is the market leader in Spain and Portugal, and it is the world leader in 
agricultural plastics. 
Repsol posted a €3.289 billion net loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 and a €3.816 billion net loss 
for the year ended 31 December 2019. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, Repsol 
distributed a total gross dividend of €0.916 under the “script dividend” formula. €112,4 million and €113.99 
million were paid out to Sacyr in dividends corresponding to the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, respectively. 
Repsol is listed on Spain’s IBEX-35 stock market index, and also on the leading US index. At 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, the share price stood respectively at €8.25 and €14.51, and Repsol's market 
capitalisation was €12.6 billion and €21.3 billion at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
Repsol’s growth strategy is based on its 2021-2025 strategic plan, which was be published on November 
2020, which will shape Repsol’s transformation in the coming years and speed up the energy transition. 
Repsol shall prioritize profitable growth and maximize shareholder value with a strong increase in cash flow 
generation and financial discipline.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Litigation and Legal Proceedings 
Sacyr is involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits, most of which arise in the ordinary course 
of its business. The main judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings of Sacyr as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus are set forth below, without prejudice to those shown in the financial statements hereto 
incorporated by reference and those disclosed under the section “Recent Developments”. 
Panama Canal 
On 2 January 2014, Sacyr and the other shareholders of Grupos Unidos por el Canal, SA, which is a 
consortium in charge of the design and construction of the third set of locks of the Panama Canal ("GUPC") 
announced the risk of suspension of the construction works due to serious contractual breaches by the Panama 
Channel Authority (the "ACP"). On 14 March 2014, the parties signed a memorandum of understanding, 
whereby the ACP and GUPC undertook to co-finance the overrun costs and the construction works were 
carried out as agreed. The Panama Canal expansion project was completed on 31 May 2016 and the expansion 
was inaugurated on 26 June 2016. 
As of 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, the Group’s stake in GUPC was 41.6 per cent. and the 
Group’s participation in GUPC’s earnings and losses was 41.6 per cent., in accordance with internal 
agreements regulating the redistribution of GUPC’s results amongst its members. 
GUPC incurred overrun costs due to unexpected and unpredictable circumstances, and it requested the ACP 
to bear such costs. This claim was ignored by the ACP and so GUPC filed several claims with the relevant 
authorities and initiated arbitrations procedures in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the 
International Chamber of Commerce (the “ICC”) for an overall amount of U.S.$4,221 million. As of 31 
December 2020 there are three ongoing arbitration proceedings in which GUPC is requesting a total of U.S.$ 
3,586 million 
GUPC has collected a net aggregate amount of U.S.$346.4 million in total from claims submitted. On 15 
December 2020, the independent expert DFL Associates, Ltd. updated the report analysing each claim, 
describing the status of each until that date, and establishing a fair estimate of the amount that the company 
can expect from each. The estimates are based on its own research and experience and on the documentation 
provided by GUPC. Its conclusion is that GUPC should reasonably expect to recover U.S.$1,852 million (of 
which U.S.$346.4 million were collected until of 31 December 2020). 
Itínere Stake 
On 27 February 2019, Sacyr sold its entire stake in Itínere, as disclosed in the significant event (hecho 
relevante) filed on 28 February 2019 with the National Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional 
del Mercado de Valores) (“CNMV”). This divestment remains subject to ongoing litigation in which a third-
party is claiming its alleged right to acquire Sacyr’s stake in Itínere which was sold by Sacyr on 27 February 
2019 for a total amount of €202 million. According to the latest information available, its claim was dismissed 
by the court, ordering the claimant to pay the litigation costs. 
The third party has appealed (“recurso de apelación”) the dismissal of the court.  
The abovementioned stake sale is also being under discussion in an arbitration proceeding, which arbitration 
award declared the retrospectively extinction of the shareholders’ agreement. Sacyr has brought an invalidity 
action against such award, pending of admission. 
Autopista Madrid Sur (Radial 4) 
Inversora de Autopistas del Sur, S.L. (“IAS”), in which the Group holds a 35% interest and which owns 100% 
of the concessionaire Autopista Madrid Sur, C.E.S.A. (“AMS”), which relates to the R4 motorway asset.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
On 14 September 2012, the respective boards of directors of IAS and AMS agreed to file for insolvency for 
these companies.  
The Spanish Government representative in National Concessionaires of Toll Highways notified that they 
intended to take over control of the management of the R4. The transfer finally took place without incident 
on 21 February 2018.  
On 2018, following a Resolution of the Spanish Government delegation to the National Toll Motorway 
Concession Companies, which provides for the publication of the Council of Ministers agreement of 13 July 
2018, terminating the administrative concession contract for the construction, upkeep and operation of the 
toll motorway.  
With regard to the ordinary proceedings arising from the claim filed by a group of financial institutions 
against the shareholders of IAS, claiming certain contributions of funds to the latter company by virtue of the 
shareholders' or sponsors' agreement in relation to the financing of the R4 motorway concession, on 20 
October 2015 the Court of First Instance handed down a judgement dismissing the claim in its entirety. The 
counter-appeal lodged by the plaintiffs was dismissed by a judgement of the Madrid Provincial Court handed 
down on 16 December 2016.  
Having filed an extraordinary appeal for a procedural infringement, the Civil Chamber of the Supreme Court 
upheld the appeal in a ruling dated 19 February 2020, ordering that the proceedings be referred back to the 
Provincial Court of Madrid for a new ruling on the merits of the case, which has not yet been handed down.  
The Provincial Court of Madrid handed down a ruling on 30 September 2020 declaring the liability of the 
co-respondent entities to meet their obligations to provide funds to the borrower (Autopistas del Sur S.L., in 
bankruptcy) pursuant to the Sponsors agreement. It therefore ordered the respondents to pay into the Tranche 
A account of the borrower (Autopistas del Sur S.L., in bankruptcy) the amounts due under the Sponsors 
agreement. Specifically, Sacyr Concesiones, S.L.U. and Sacyr, S.A. should jointly and severally pay 
8,050,000 euros, plus the legally determined interest since 21 September 2012 (5 business days from the final 
maturity date, 28 September 2012). A cassation appeal was filed against this ruling on 10 November 2020.  
The directors of Sacyr have made a provision of 10,314,557 euros for the amount claimed plus the legally-
determined interest.  
Accesos de Madrid (R-3 and R-5 Motorways) 
Alazor Inversiones, S.A., in which the Group holds a 25.16% interest, owns 100% of the concessionaire 
Accesis de Madrid, C.E.S.A., which relates to the concessionaire assets of the R3 and R5 motorways. 
Both companies are involve in a solvency proceeding, were the liquidation process has been iniciated.  
The Spanish Government representative in National Concessionaires of Toll Highways notified that they 
intended to take over control of the management of the R3 and R5. The transfer finally took place without 
incident on 10 May 2018.  
On 2018, following a Resolution of the Spanish Government delegation to the National Toll Motorway 
Concession Companies, which provides for the publication of the Council of Ministers agreement of 13 July 
2018, terminating the administrative concession contract for the construction, upkeep and operation of the 
toll motorway.  
In terms of the claim for declaratory judgement filed by financial institutions and communicated to 
shareholders in October 2013, it is worth noting that, after abandoning appeal proceedings in September 2018 
that had been filed against the dismissal thereof, the funds acquiring the credits prepared a new claim for 
declaratory judgement against the shareholders of Alazor Inversiones S.A. (Sacyr S.A.) and against its 
guarantors (Sacyr Concesiones S.L.U. and Sacyr Construcción S.A.), which was notified in January 2019,

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
asking for certain fund contributions to be made to Alazor Inversiones S.A. under the Support Agreement in 
relation to the financing of the administrative concession of the construction, upkeep and operation of the R3 
and R5 motorways. The suit demands from Sacyr and its guarantors payment of the sum of 180,123,711 
euros. A reply was filed on 18 February 2019, and the preliminary hearing has been postponed until 8 March 
2021..  
In May 2019, leave was granted for hearing of the lawsuit filed by Haitong Bank, S.A., Branch in Spain, in 
its capacity as agent of the banking syndicate that granted the financing necessary for the execution of the 
concession works, against the shareholders of Alazor Inversiones, S.A. (Sacyr S.A.) and against its guarantors 
(Sacyr Concesiones S.L.U. and Sacyr Construcción S.A.), requesting certain fund contributions under the 
support agreement entered into in connection with the financing. The suit demands from Sacyr and its 
guarantors payment of the sum of 141,543,779 euros. On 20 June 2019, a statement of defence was filed. The 
preliminary hearing was held on 16 December 2020, with the hearing date being set for 2 June 2021. 
Risk Management 
Due to its considerable international presence, Sacyr carries out its activity in a number of sectors, social and 
economic environments and regulatory frameworks. This entails a number of different risks that are 
consubstantial to the areas of business and sectors in which the Group operates. Sacyr believes that significant 
risks are those that may compromise the viability of its businesses, their profitability and their corporate 
reputation, particularly any factor that may compromise the safety of its employees or third parties affected 
by its business activities, or that might impact upon the environment in which those activities are performed. 
Sacyr has established a sound policy to efficiently identify, evaluate and manage risks in order to reasonably 
guarantee the efficiency and effectiveness of operations, reliability of information and compliance with 
legislation. 
As established in Sacyr's Risk Control and Management Policy, the process begins with identification and a 
preliminary evaluation of risks. Due to the changing nature of the environments in which the Group operates, 
this identification and evaluation process is regularly updated. The risk management and control policy is 
formally presented to and approved by the Board of Directors of Sacyr on an annual basis. 
Employees  
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had 47,789 employees, as compared to 43,467 employees as at 31 
December 2019.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
There has not been any significant change in the solvency, business, financial or trading position of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020, other than as described below: 
• 
 On 11 January 2021 Sacyr decided to implement a second “scrip dividend” and the share capital 
was increased, corresponding to the second of the two share capital increases approved by the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting on 11 June 2020, in a total amount of €11,878,992 up to 
€616,451,031. 
• 
On 12 January 2021 Repsol distributed a total gross dividend of €0.288 under the “script dividend” 
formula which accounted for €35.34 Million net income for Sacyr. 
• 
On 21 January 2021, Grupo Satocán Desarrollos, S.L.U. notified its dismissal as Board Member 
following the new policy of Sacyr and the imminent amendment to the Spanish Corporate Act on 
the appointment of legal entities as board members.  
• 
On 11 February 2021 the Group has formalize an agreement with the Angolan group Griner for the 
selling of Sacyr’s subsidiaries Sacyr Somague Angola, Sacyr Somague Mozambique and CVC Sacyr 
Somague, in Cabo Verde, for a total amount of €33 Million (debt not included).  
• 
On 25 February, Mr. Raimundo Baroja Rieu was appointed as board member in substitution of Grupo 
Satocán Desarrollos, S.L.U. 
• 
Main awards since 31 December 2020 were:  
o 
SIS Consortium, participated by Sacyr Ingeniería e Infraestructuras has been awarded the 
construction of 340 “Regina – Variante Tremezzina” hi-way, located in Como (Lombardía), 
Italy, for an amount of €388 Million and 5 years of execution of the construction works.  
o 
Sacyr Fluor, subsidiary of Sacyr Ingeniería e Infraestructuras, has been awarded the 
expansion of compression gas station located in Dahshour (Egypt) for GASCO (Egyptian 
Natural Gas Company). The project will amount for an investment of circa €80 million and 
for a term of 18 months.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such as dealers in securities) may be subject 
to special rules. Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult with their own 
professional advisers.  
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general summary of certain Spanish tax considerations. It does not purport to be a complete 
summary of tax law and practice currently applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in 
law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect, nor does it 
represent an analysis of all the potential tax effects relevant to a decision to invest in the Notes, nor should it be 
considered to be legal or tax advice to any potential investor. Accordingly, prospective investors who are in any 
doubt as to their tax position, or who are resident or otherwise subject to taxation in a jurisdiction outside the 
Kingdom of Spain, are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the applicable tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of the Notes based upon their particular circumstances. 
1. Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June, on organization, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (formerly, Law 13/1985 of 25 May), as well as Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as 
amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are Personal Income Tax (“PIT”) tax payers, 
Law 35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income 
Tax Law, Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and 
Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March approving the PIT Regulations which develop the PIT Law, 
as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax, as amended most recently by Royal 
Decree Law 3/2016, of 3 December 2016 (“Royal Decree Law 3/2016”) and Law 29/1987, of 18 
December on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended. 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) 
taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on CIT (the “CIT Law”), as amended, and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the “CIT 
Regulations”); and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, 
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax 
as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Beneficial Owner, the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will 
be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example, exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in 
accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, 
regulating such tax. 
2. Spanish tax resident individuals 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas)

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in the PIT savings 
taxable base (“renta del ahorro”) of each investor and taxed currently at: 19 per cent. for taxable income 
up to €6,000; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000; and 26% for taxable income exceeding €200,000. As a general rule, both types 
of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the current rate of 19%. 
Pursuant to section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, if the Notes are registered with a clearing 
system outside of Spain, any income derived from the Notes will be paid by the Issuer free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted in the manner detailed 
in “Disclosure obligations in connection with Payments on the Notes”. In addition, income obtained upon 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes may also be paid free of Spanish withholding tax in certain 
circumstances. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19% may have to be deducted by 
other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities), provided that such entities are 
resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year and may be refundable pursuant to Section 103 of the Personal Income Tax 
Law. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Law 19/1991 (Ley 19/1991, de 6 de junio, del Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio), as amended, 
and subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in each autonomous region (Comunidad 
Autónoma), the net worth of any Spanish tax resident individuals in excess of €700,000 is subject to 
Wealth Tax. 
Therefore, investors who are Spanish tax resident individuals should take into account the value of the 
Notes which they hold as at 31 December of each year for the purposes of Spanish Wealth Tax, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. (subject to any exceptions provided under 
relevant legislation in each Spanish autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax exemptions being available to them). The 
applicable effective tax rates currently range between 7.65 per cent. and 81.6 per cent., depending on 
relevant factors, such as the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or beneficiary of 
the gift, and the kinship with the deceased or the donor. However, this taxation may vary depending on 
the Spanish autonomous region of tax residence of the corresponding investor. 
3.  
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
3.1 
 Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes must be included as taxable income of Spanish tax resident legal entities for CIT purposes in 
accordance with the rules for this tax, being typically subject to the standard rate of 25 per cent. Special 
rates apply in respect of certain types of entities. 
Pursuant to either section 4 or 5 of article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, any income derived from the 
Notes will be paid by the Issuer to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include Spanish 
tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) free of Spanish withholding tax

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
provided that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted in the manner detailed in “Disclosure 
Obligations in connection with payments on the Notes”. 
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entities and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting 
as a depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment may be subject to withholding tax, currently at a rate of 19 per cent. withholding that will be 
made by Issuer or the depositary or custodian, unless the Notes comply with the exemption requirements 
specified in letter s) of article 61 of the CIT Regulations, as interpreted by the ruling nº 1500/2004 issued 
by the Spanish General Directorate for Taxes (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004, which 
requires that (i) the Notes are offered and sold outside of Spain, in other OECD jurisdiction, and (ii) the 
Notes are admitted to trading in an organised market of a OECD jurisdiction other than Spain. 
Amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final CIT liability. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
In Spain, legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
4. Individuals and legal entities tax resident outside of Spain 
4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving 
from such Notes shall be, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. 
(b) 
Not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for 
tax purposes, and who are NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt 
from NRIT, on the same terms laid down for income from Spanish public debt. 
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations 
relating to the Notes, in the manner detailed under “Disclosure obligations in connection with 
payments on the Notes” as laid down in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. If these 
information obligations are not complied with in the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold 
at the rate applicable from time to time (currently19 per cent.) and the Issuer will not pay 
additional amounts. 
In any case, please note that non-resident investors acting without a permanent establishment in 
Spain may benefit from a withholding tax exemption or reduced withholding tax rate pursuant 
to the NRIT Law or an applicable double tax treaty signed by Spain, subject to certain 
requirements.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
4.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax will not be generally subject to such tax on the Notes. Otherwise, under current Wealth Tax 
regulations non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights located in Spain (or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory) exceed €700,000 will be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable 
rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the income derived from the Notes is 
exempted from NRIT, any non-resident individuals holding the Notes will be exempt from Spanish 
Wealth Tax in respect of such holding. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose net 
worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above €700,000 and who 
hold Notes on the last day of any year would therefore be subject to Spanish Net Wealth Tax for such 
year at marginal rates varying between 0.2% and 3.5% of the average market value of the Notes during 
the last quarter of such year, as published by the Spanish Ministry of Revenues on an annual basis. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are resident in an EU or European Economic Area member 
State may apply the rules approved by the Spanish autonomous region where the assets and rights with 
more value are situated. As such, prospective holders of the Notes should consult their tax advisers.  
Legal entities tax resident outside of Spain are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
4.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who are tax resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty 
in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to IGT applies, effective IGT rates would 
range between 7.65% and 81.6%, depending on various factors, such as the amount of the gift or 
inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, the kinship with the deceased or the donor 
and the qualification for tax benefits. These factors may vary depending on the application of the state or 
the autonomous regions IGT governing laws.  
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax according to the 
rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. According to the amendments 
passed by Law 26/2014, of 27 November, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some 
Spanish regions to EU residents following specific rules. As such, prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers. 
Legal entities not tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to NRIT 
(as described above). If the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double tax treaties provide for the taxation of 
this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
5. Disclosure obligations in connection with payments on the Notes 
In accordance with article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, certain information with respect to the Notes 
must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of each payment (or, alternatively, for interest payments, before 
the tenth calendar day of the month following the month in which the relevant payment is made). 
According to section 5 of article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (which would apply if the Notes are 
registered with clearing systems outside of Spain), such information includes the following: 
(i) 
Identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the date on which the relevant payment is made; 
(iii) 
total amount of income from the Notes; 
(iv) 
total amount of income (either from interest payments or redemption) corresponding to each 
clearing house located outside of Spain; 
In particular, the Issuing and Paying Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means 
of a certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I to this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the 
Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of 
information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding 
each relevant Payment Date. If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the 
Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer would withhold tax at the then-applicable rate from any payment 
in respect of the relevant Notes. The Issuer would not pay any additional amounts with respect to any 
such withholding. 
If, before the tenth day of the month following the month in which interest is paid, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent provides such information, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. 
Investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and are entitled to exemption from NRIT on income 
derived from the Notes, but where the Issuer does not timely receive from the Paying Agent the information above 
about the Notes, would have to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be 
entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
Investors should note that neither the Issuer nor the Dealers accept any responsibility in relation to the procedures 
established for the collection of information concerning the Notes. Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers 
will be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would otherwise be entitled to an exemption 
from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax 
because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any such withholding. The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in 
detail in the Agency Agreement which may be inspected upon reasonable notice, at the specified offices of the 
Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent. Should any withholding tax be levied in Spain, holders of the Notes 
should note that they may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any tax refund which may be available 
to them. 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Law 10/2014, dated 26 June 2014, on regulation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”) and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, 
it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any investor, irrespective of 
whether such investor is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to the Issue and Paying Agent 
complying with certain information procedures described herein. 
The Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures 
to facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended 
or supplemented to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or 
interpretation thereof.  
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer may make payments free of Spanish withholding tax, provided 
that the Notes comply, among others, with the following requirements: (i) the Notes are regarded as listed 
debt securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) they are initially registered at foreign clearing and 
settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state. 
The Issuer expects that the Notes will meet the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, 
consequently, payments made by the Issuer to investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, 
provided that the Issue and Paying Agent complies with the procedural requirements referred to above.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Issue and Paying Agent fails to submit to the Issuer the relevant 
information in a timely manner, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus, 19%) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding as a result of such failure by the Issue and Paying 
Agent to comply with the relevant procedural requirements. 
Investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and are entitled to exemption from NRIT on income 
derived from the Notes, but where the Issuer does not timely receive from the Issue and Paying Agent the 
information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this 
Base Prospectus, would have to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they 
may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the Spanish Non Resident Income Tax Law. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding 
to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Sociedades)), the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make 
the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of investors may be required and the 
procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent 
required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the 
Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the investors information are to apply, the 
investors will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding 
by such depositary or custodian. 
Financial Transaction Tax 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish tax on financial transactions (the “Spanish FTT”) was approved 
on 7 October 2020 (the “FTT Law”) and was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) 
on 16 October 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the 
Spanish Official Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021). The Spanish FTT should not affect transactions involving 
notes or debt or analogous instruments. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in relation to the FTT Law. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru  
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions including Spain have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will only hold the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate as the valid one for all purposes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
ANNEX I 
 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real Decreto 
1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los 
procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management 
procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (...)2, en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), con 
número de identificación fiscal (....)3 y domicilio en (...) en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (...)4, in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification number 
(....)5 and address in (...) as (function - mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
 
2  
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el número o código de identificación 
que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
3  
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar el número o código de identificación 
que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
4  
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the number or 
identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence. 
5  
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be included the number or 
identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores 
 
1.1 
Identification of the securities 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)   
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)    
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados)   
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount or 
are segregated) 
  
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga una 
Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ________________________________________ ___ 
2.1 
Identification of the securities _____________________________________________ 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
_________________________________________________  
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
____________________________________________________________________ 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados 
__________________________________ 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
_________________________________________________

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero A. ___________________________ 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country A. ______________________________________ 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero B. ___________________________ 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country B. ______________________________________ 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores 
con sede en el extranjero C. ___________________________ 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a 
foreign country C. ______________________________________ 
Lo que declaro en____________a______de____________de____________ 
I declare the above in____________on the_____of____________of____________

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca March, S.A., Banco Santander, 
S.A., Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., CaixaBank, S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Bestinver 
S.V., S.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, PKF Attest Capital Markets AV, S.A. and 
Société Générale (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 
May 2021 and made between the Issuer and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”). Any such agreement will, 
inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such 
Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation 
or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche, as certified to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a 
sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retain Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision:  
(a)  the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the current domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)  No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii)  it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b)  Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)  General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Spain 
The Dealers have represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any 
subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of the Spanish Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 
4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
amended and restated, or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish 
securities laws. Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities 
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Base Prospectus is not 
intended for any public offer of the Notes in Spain. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or 
possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the Programme was authorised 
by the resolutions of the board of directors passed on 29 April 2021, on the basis of the authorisation granted 
by a resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders passed on 16 June 2016. The Issuer has 
obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Significant change/Material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2020, being the date of the most recently published audited financial statements of the 
Issuer and the Group, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group. 
Since 31 March 2021, being the date of the most recently published interim financial statements of the 
Group, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the 
Group.  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Issuer – Litigation and Legal Proceedings”, neither of the Issuer nor 
any of the members of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of any of the Issuer or the Group. See also “Risk Factors – Sacyr is subject 
to litigation risks which, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could have a material adverse effect on Sacyr’s 
liquidity, debt level, capital resources, business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects”. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Independent Auditors to the Issuer  
The audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been audited by Ernst & Young S.L., registered in the Official Registry of Auditors (Registro Oficial 
de Auditores de Cuentas) under number S0530. The registered office of Ernst & Young S.L. is Raimundo 
Fernández Villaverde 65, Torre Azca, 28003 Madrid Madrid, Spain. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Spain 2677337.4 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. However, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
LEI code 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code of the Issuer is 959800XKAB9VNAVN9425. 
Documents on display 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, hard copies of the following documents are 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and at the website of the Issuer at https://www.sacyr.com/en/shareholders-investors/economic-
financial-information/rating: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer-ICSDs agreement and the forms of Global 
Notes, Definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, any future prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that Final 
Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference, and 
(iii)  the 
by-laws 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(together 
with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
https://www.sacyr.com/en/shareholders-investors/corporate-governance/internal-rules; 
The English translation of the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 and 2019 and of the unaudited interim report of the Issuer for the three months ending on 31 March 2021, can 
be accessed on the addresses on the Issuer’s website set out in “Documents incorporated by reference” 
(https://www.sacyr.com/en/shareholders-investors/economic-financial-information/financial-
presentations/results-presentation). 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement prospectus and the Final Terms for notes listed on Euronext Dublin 
will be published on the website Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Sacyr, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 83-85 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER  
Banca March, S.A. 
Avenida Alejandro Rosselló, 8 
07002 Palma de Mallorca 
Spain 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaira, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, 
Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Spain 
 
Bestinver S.V., S.A.  
Calle Velazquez, 140 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
PKF ATTEST CAPITAL MARKETS AV, 
S.A. 
Alameda De Recalde, 36  
48009 Bilbao 
Spain 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL  
United Kingdom

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
EMEA 132114516 v3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay  
Grand Canal Dock  
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young, S.L. 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 
Torre Azca 
28003 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Company as to Spanish law 
Dentons Europe Abogados, S.L.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 53 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
To the Company as to English law 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place 
London, EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
To the Dealers as to Spanish law 
White & Case LLP 
Paseo de la Castellana, 7 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad St 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom