--- Page 1 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SalMar ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers and Green Bond Advisors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kverva, 15 July 2021

--- Page 2 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Propectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Salmar ASA’s (the 
Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their websites 
(www.danskebank.no, www.dnb.no and www.nordea.no).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Propectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Propectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Propectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Propectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Propectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Propectus dated 15 July 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Propectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Propectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding the 
Base Propectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 10 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 11 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 12 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 13 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 14 
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 16 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 17 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 20 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 21 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 22 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 24 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 25 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 34 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 35 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR SALMAR ASA ........................................................ 36 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 37

--- Page 4 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by SalMar ASA involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the 
Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Propectus, before making an 
investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
 
STRATEGIC RISK AND RISK RELATED TO THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE GROUP OPERATES 
The Group may not be successful in successfully managing and/or eliminating risks: 
The Group is exposed to risks in numerous areas, such as biological production, the effects of climate change, 
compliance risk, the risk of accidents, changes in salmon prices, the risk of political trade barriers, etc. The 
current COVID-19 outbreak poses a material risk, affecting most of the Group's operational areas. The Group's 
internal controls and risk exposure are subject to continuous monitoring and improvement, and efforts to reduce 
risk in different areas have a high priority. Management has established a framework for managing and 
eliminating most of the risks that could prevent the Group from attaining its goals. However, there can be no 
assurances that the Group will be able to, in a satisfactory manner, effectively manage or eliminate the risks 
described herein and other risks which cannot be foreseen. 
 
Risks related to food safety and health concerns: 
Food safety issues and perceived health concerns may in the future have a negative impact on the reputation of 
and demand for the products and services of the Group. It will be of critical importance to the Group that its future 
products are perceived as safe and healthy in all relevant markets. The food industry in general experiences 
increased customer awareness with respect to food safety and product quality, information and traceability. A 
failure by the Group to meet new market or governmental requirements may reduce the demand for our products 
which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
 
The Group's business depends on goodwill, reputation and maintaining good relationships: 
The Group's business depends on goodwill, reputation and on maintaining good relationships with clients, 
partners, lenders, suppliers, employees, governments and local communities. Negative publicity related to the 
Group and/or its customers could, regardless of its truthfulness, adversely affect the Group's reputation and 
goodwill. The Group is exposed to the risk that negative publicity may arise from activities of legislators, pressure 
groups and the media, for instance that fish and other commodities are being bred only to generate profit, which 
may tarnish the industry’s reputation in the market. Loss of certification may lead to reputational risks. Negative 
reputational publicity may arise from a broad variety of causes, including incidents and occurrences outside the 
Group's control. No assurance can be given that such incidents will not occur in the future, which may cause 
negative publicity about the operations of the Group, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. Negative publicity could further jeopardize the Group's relationships with customers and suppliers or 
diminish the Group's attractiveness as a potential investment opportunity, thus causing a potential lower trading 
value of the Bonds on the secondary market. In addition, negative publicity could cause any customers of the 
Group to purchase products from the Group’s competitors, i.e. decrease the demand for the Group's products. 
Any circumstances that publicly damage the Group's goodwill, injure the Group's reputation or damage its 
business relationships, may lead to a broader adverse effect in addition to any monetary liability arising directly 
from the damaging events by way of loss of business, goodwill, clients, partners and employees. 
 
Risks related to existing and increasing competition in the farmed salmon market: 
The market for farmed salmon in general is global and highly competitive, and the Group faces strong competition 
from both domestic and international players within the farmed salmon market. The competitive landscape for 
traditional coastal farming may intensify due the addition of new farming technologies such as land-based and 
offshore. If the Group is unable to compete efficiently, e.g. due to overcapacity, consolidation, increased 
competition and price pressure in the market, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flow of the Group. 
 
The Group may be exposed to activism: 
Certain global environmental organizations aim to eradicate salmon farming. Therefore, salmon farming 
companies such as the Group may be targets for activism of various kinds with the aim to cause reputational

--- Page 5 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
5
damage or damage to production facilities (spread of information, sabotage, etc.), which may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flow of the Group. 
 
 
RISK RELATED TO THE GROUP’S OPERATIONS 
The Group's operations are subject to biological risks: 
The Group's operations are subject to biological risks which could have a negative impact on profitability and cash 
flows. Biological risks include for instance oxygen depletion, diseases, viruses, bacteria, parasites, algae blooms, 
jelly fish and other contaminants, which may adversely affect fish survival, health, growth and welfare and result in 
reduced harvest weight and volume, downgrading of products and claims from customers. An outbreak of a 
significant or severe disease represents a cost for the Group through e.g. direct loss of fish, loss of biomass 
growth, accelerated harvesting and poorer quality on the harvested fish, but may also be followed by a 
subsequent period of reduced production capacity, increased cost or loss of income. The most severe diseases 
may require culling and disposal of the entire stock, disinfection of the farm and a long subsequent fallow period 
as preventative measures to stop the disease from spreading. Market access could be impeded by strict border 
controls, not only for salmon from the infected farm, but also for salmon originating from a wider geographical 
area surrounding the site of an outbreak. Continued disease problems may also attract negative media attention 
and public concerns. Salmon farming has historically experienced several episodes with extensive disease 
problems and no assurance can be given that this will not also happen in the future. 
 
The Group collaborates actively with the authorities and other aquaculture players to implement measures and 
initiate activities to reduce biological risk. Should the Group, however, be unsuccessful in its efforts to mitigate 
these risks, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, operations, revenues, financial 
condition and business. 
 
The Group is dependent on favorable salmon prices, which may be affected by a number of factors, to 
sustain or expand its operations: 
Salmon price developments are highly volatile, with major fluctuations within relatively short time spans. There 
has been a stable rise in demand for salmon over recent years, while the growth in supply has been limited. This 
development is expected to continue going forward. Supply is also impacted by other factors, such as government 
regulations, sea temperatures, sea lice, outbreaks of disease, and other indirect and direct factors, which affect 
production and hence also supply. Low market prices may have a material adverse effect on the Group's results, 
financial condition, cash flow and prospects. 
 
The outbreak of the Covid-19 may reduce demand for salmon and disrupt global supply chains: 
After the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, authorities worldwide have implemented strict measures to reduce 
and slow its spread. These measures are likely to impact global economic activity, which might also affect global 
demand for salmon. Furthermore, SalMar might experience disruptions to its supply chain upstream or 
downstream. Air traffic restrictions with respect to jurisdictions heavily hit by the Covid-19 outbreak may impact 
the aquaculture industry's capacity to transport products to end-markets globally, which may have different 
impacts on salmon prices in different markets, and on SalMar's operations, e.g. by causing a reduction in the 
price and/or volume of salmon export due to e.g. severe delays on border areas because of passport and custom 
checks as well as increases in transportation cost. There are great uncertainties regarding the definite 
consequences of the Covid-19 outbreak and should the global demand for salmon and/or the Group's supply 
chain experience disruptions, it may adversely affect the Group's revenue, operations, financial condition and 
business.  
 
Risks related to feed costs and supply: 
Feed costs account for a significant portion of the Group's total production costs, and an increase in feed prices 
could, thus, have a major impact on the Group's future profitability. The feed industry is characterized by large 
global suppliers operating under cost plus contracts, and feed prices are accordingly directly linked to the global 
markets for fishmeal, vegetable meal, animal proteins and fish/vegetable/animal oils which are the main 
ingredients in fish feed. Increases in the prices of these raw materials will accordingly result in an increase in 
feed prices. The Group may not be able to pass on increased feed costs to its customers in the future. Due to the 
long production cycle for farmed salmon, there may be a significant time lag between changes in feed prices and 
corresponding changes in the prices of farmed salmon and finished products to customers. As the main feed 
suppliers normally enter into fixed contracts and adapt their production volumes to prevailing supply 
commitments, there is limited excess of fish feed available in the market. If one or more of the feed contracts the 
Group has entered into were to be terminated on short notice prior to their respective expiration dates, the Group 
could not be able to find alternative suppliers in the market. Shortage in feed supply may lead to accelerated 
harvesting, loss of biomass and reduced income. 
 
Uncertainties regarding the effects of the UK's departure from the EU: 
The UK's departure from the European Union (Brexit) represents an uncertainty for the Scottish salmon farming 
industry and for Norwegian exporters. Once the Brexit transition period comes to an end, the salmon industry will 
experience operational and economic changes in trade between the UK and the rest of the world. Brexit could

--- Page 6 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
6
lead to a higher supply of salmon than demand in the UK market, negatively impacting salmon prices, affecting 
the Group’s results. 
 
 
RISK RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGES AND LOSS OF NATURE 
The Group is exposed to physical risks from climate change: 
The climate plays an important role in SalMar's operations. SalMar recognizes that climate change is likely to 
present a range of challenges to the aquaculture industry. Without proactive adaptation, salmon farming may 
become more vulnerable to acute physical risks caused by extreme weather events such as damages to 
production facilities and infrastructure, increase employee accident rates and increase in downtime due to harsh 
weather and higher risks of escapes due to facility impairment. These risks might result in decreased harvest due 
to loss of fish, or lost opportunity to farm in the most exposed areas. In addition, extreme weather conditions in 
locations where our suppliers source feed raw materials may impact the price and availability of fish feed. Sea 
water salmon farming may also become exposed to chronic physical risk such as increased water temperatures, 
which can lead to elevated risk of algae bloom, lower oxygen levels and impact disease and mortality rates. An 
increase in deviating weather conditions resulting from climate change may have a detrimental impact on the 
Group’s operations, business, financial conditions and prospects and disease due to higher seawater 
temperature. 
 
The Group is exposed to regulatory risk related to climate change: 
SalMar is increasingly transporting products by air freight, particularly to the US and Asian markets. The largest 
direct source of emissions comes from the use of fuels for boats, vehicles and on-site energy production from 
generators. Carbon taxes will increase the costs of consumption of fossil fuels and may have a significant 
financial impact while also making the products less competitive. In addition, increasing cost of carbon may 
change market dynamics in favor of local, land-based production or closed-containment technologies, leaving 
SalMar with an obsolete business model and mode of production. SalMar’s resilience to emerging climate related 
regulations is also dependent on the suppliers’ ability to adapt to new climate-related regulations that affect them. 
If suppliers are not prepared to face these risks, it is highly likely that their increased operating costs would be 
passed on to SalMar. These risks may have a detrimental impact on the Group's operations, business, financial 
conditions and prospects. 
 
The Group is exposed to market risks related to climate change: 
SalMar relies heavily on access to good quality, sustainably sourced feed raw materials. If climate change causes 
acute or chronic physical changes, the availability of these raw materials may become scarcer and hence more 
expensive. SalMar is also reliant on suppliers to find more sustainable production and transportation methods as 
these could become more heavily regulated in the future. Climate change and increased consumer attention to 
climate-related issues can have a multitude of effects on the demand for protein sources. One of the main 
changes is the risk from shifts in consumer preferences of preferring certified fish. Certified products, such as 
ASC certified fish, can become a common customer demand. These risks may have a detrimental impact on the 
Group's operations, business, financial conditions and prospects. 
 
The Group is exposed to technology risks related to climate change: 
Development of new farming technologies such as land-based and offshore, closer to end-consumer markets, 
could give a disadvantage to traditional coastal farming. SalMar was the first to build, operate and harvest from an 
offshore farming unit and are leading the development with plans for new units. R&D efforts in land-based farming 
technologies may increase as the cost of carbon rises, making this more competitive and placing SalMar at a 
competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, developments within the markets for alternative protein production, such 
as plant based protein, edible insects, cultured meats, algal protein, and microbial protein may reduce the 
demand for the 
Group's products and have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
 
The Group is exposed to reputational risks related to climate change: 
SalMar is increasingly transporting products by air freight. Extensive use of air freight may see growing 
reputational pressure as climate awareness increases. This may impact attractiveness to consumers, employees, 
and investors. Investor and consumer interest may decrease if SalMar fails to develop and effectively 
communicate the approach to sustainable and climate-friendly solutions. Negative reputation may have a 
detrimental impact on the Group's operations, business, financial conditions and prospects. 
 
Risks related to the loss and degradation of nature: 
Biodiversity, the diversity within species, between species and of ecosystems, is declining globally, faster than at 
any other time in human history. Nature and ecosystems provide basic building blocks of the global economy, and 
biodiversity loss and ecosystem collapse will also affect SalMar’s operations, supply chains and markets. 
Changes in biodiversity may affect access to feed raw materials, impacting feed prices and availability. It may 
also limit access to medicines, as some medicines are derived from rainforest plants, or natural or synthetic 
products inspired by nature, which may impact the fish health of salmon. Local businesses are also dependent on 
nature for local value creation, where loss of nature may impact where people can or decide to live, which can

--- Page 7 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
7
affect access to employees or expertise in the local communities where SalMar operates. Further loss of nature 
and biodiversity may have a detrimental impact on the Group's operations, business, financial conditions and 
prospects. 
 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP’S FINANCING AND FINANCIAL SITUATION 
General on financial risks 
The Group is exposed to various types of financial risk: market risk, foreign exchange risk, credit risk and liquidity 
risk. Management has an ongoing assessment of these risks and sets guidelines for how these should be 
handled. The Group uses financial derivatives to hedge against certain risks. The Board of Directors has defined 
financial risk appetite that sets overall rules. The Group has draw-for-all facilities with banks (syndicate) that 
ensure attractive flexibility both operationally as well as financing investments in the company's operations. In 
addition, the Group has financial instruments such as trade receivables, accounts payable, etc. that are directly 
related to its day-to-day operations. For hedging purposes, the Group uses currency futures contracts. The Group 
does not use financial instruments, including financial derivatives, for speculation purposes. 
 
Funding may not be available on favorable terms in the future or at all: 
The Group's business and future plans are capital intensive and, to the extent the Group does not generate 
sufficient cash from operations in the long term, the Group may need to raise additional funds through public or 
private debt or equity financing to execute the Group's growth strategy and to fund capital expenditures. Adequate 
sources of capital funding might not be available when needed or may only be available on unfavorable terms. If 
funding is insufficient at any time in the future, the Group may be unable to fund maintenance requirements and 
acquisitions, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could 
adversely impact the Group's results, financial condition, cash flow and prospects. 
 
The Group's obligations arising from debt arrangements impose restrictions on operations and may be 
defaulted: 
The Group has leasing liabilities, revolving credit and overdraft facilities and has entered into long-term loan 
agreements and a Bond loan agreement. The agreements in connection with the above-mentioned arrangements 
may impose severe operating restrictions. The Issuer will incur debt from the contemplated Bond Issue. Should 
the Issuer and/or the Group fail to fulfill its obligations arising from such agreements, this may have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s reputation, financial condition, 
business and prospects. 
 
The Group is exposed to currency risk: 
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to currency risk in several currencies. This risk is particularly 
relevant in relation to USD, EUR, GBP and JPY. Currency risk arises from future trading transactions, capitalized 
assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. Currency risk related to income and assets 
nominated in foreign currency is partially reduced by the use of futures and currency accounts. Based on the 
financial instruments that existed as of 31 December 2020, a 10% reduction in the krone exchange rate will 
increase the Group's pre-tax profit by MNOK 284.8 (2019: MNOK 232.3). The main currencies for the Group are 
USD, EUR, and JPY. 
 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risks: 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to service its financial obligations as they mature. Cash flow 
forecasts are prepared on an ongoing basis, and management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group's liquidity 
requirements to ensure that the Group has sufficient cash equivalents to meet operating obligations, while 
maintaining sufficient flexibility in the form of unused loan facilities at all times. The Group's objective is to have 
sufficient cash, cash equivalents or credit opportunities in the medium term to meet the loan requirements in the 
short term. If the Group is unsuccessful in managing its liquidity reserves, it may have a material adverse 
consequence on the Group's financial results and business. 
 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk: 
As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets, the Group's profit and cash flow from the operating 
operations is mainly independent of changes in the market rate. The Group's interest rate risk is related to long-
term loans. Floating rate loans entail an interest rate risk for the Group's cash flow, which is partially reduced by 
the opposite effect from cash equivalents receiving floating interest. Fixed-rate loans expose the Group to fair 
value interest rate risk. The loan portfolio currently has a floating interest rate, except for1 billion NOK which is 
converted to Euro with a fixed rate for the duration of the green bond, which means that the Group is 
affected by changes in interest rates. The loans are capitalized at amortized cost. 
 
Limited counterparty risk 
The risk that counterparties do not have the financial ability to meet their obligations is considered low. As a 
principle, the Group has to credit insecure material trade receivables and historically there has been little loss on 
trade receivables. The Group has guidelines to ensure that sales are made only to customers who have not had 
significant problems with payment in the past and that outstanding amounts do not exceed fixed credit limits. 
Credit risk related to the company's cash reserves is considered low.

--- Page 8 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
8
 
RISKS RELATED TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
The Group is currently under investigation by the European Commission and US competition authorities, 
several lawsuits have been filed against the Group, and there can be no assurances regarding the 
outcome of such investigations and/or lawsuits: 
 In February 2019, the European Commission launched an investigation to exploreof potential anti-competitive 
behavior conduct in the Norwegian salmon industry, whereby SalMar is one of the companies under being 
investigatedion. Following the European Commission's Based on the EU investigation, the U.S. Department of 
Justice competition authorities launched their own investigation into the matter in November 2019. In addition, to 
these investigations two consolidated lawsuits (one direct and one indirect purchaser case) are currently pending 
before the Florida, District Court, USA and two class-action cases are pending before the federal courts of 
Toronto and Vancouver, and the district court of Quebec in Canada. SalMar is not aware of any anti-competitive 
behavior within the Group; not in Norway, the EU, the USA, or in Canada, and the Group will use all its 
reasonable endeavors to fully collaborate with European and American authorities in this matter and will follow up 
the lawsuits in the USA and Canada accordingly. However, there can be no assurances regarding the outcome of 
such investigations or law suits against the Group. Adverse regulatory action or judgment in litigation could result 
in expensive fees and legal costs, as well as sanctions of various types for the Group, including, but not limited to, 
the payment of fines, damages or other amounts, the invalidation of contracts, restrictions or limitations on its 
operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, profitability and/or 
financial condition. 
 
The Group is subject to extensive regulations: 
The Group's activities are subject to extensive regulations, in particular relating to environmental protection, food 
safety, hygiene and animal welfare. Further, salmon farming is strictly regulated by licenses and permits granted 
by the authorities. Future changes in the laws and regulations applicable to the Group's operations can be 
unpredictable and are beyond the control of SalMar. Such changes could imply the need to materially alter the 
Group's operations and set-up and may prompt the need to apply for further permits, which could in turn have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or cash flow of the 
Group. For example, the authorities may introduce further regulations for the operations of the Group's facilities, 
e.g. regarding standards for production facilities, capacity requirements, feed quotas, fish density, site allocation 
conditions or other parameters for production, which may negatively impact the Group. 
 
Risks relating to the Group's current and future expected licenses: 
The Group is to a significant extent dependent on maintaining its current licenses (also known as concessions) 
and being granted future licenses from the relevant governmental authorities to operate its fish farms and to 
sustain and expand its revenues and business. There are strict requirements relating to the granting of such 
licenses. Once a license is granted, the relevant Group company is from that point and onwards subject to strict 
regulations when it comes to the operation of the licensed fish farms. However, there can be no assurances that 
the relevant Group company will maintain all of its current licenses or be granted the necessary future licenses in 
order to sustain or expand its operations in the future. Any failure to maintain or be granted necessary license 
may have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, financial conditions, results of operation and 
liquidity. 
 
Risks related to international trade restrictions imposed on the Group: 
The Group's business is affected by laws and regulations in the geographical areas in which the Group operates, 
and the Group may be exposed to political and other uncertainties, including risks of import-export quotas, wage 
and price controls and the imposition of trade sanctions, embargoes and other trade barriers. Accordingly, the 
Group is affected by the adoption of laws and regulations and decisions in international bodies and may be 
required to make significant capital expenditures or operational changes to comply with such laws, regulations 
and decisions. Many countries control the export and re-export of certain goods, services and technology and 
impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. The laws and regulations concerning export 
recordkeeping and reporting; export control and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing. These 
laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner materially impacting the 
Group's operations. Products and services can be denied export or entry for a variety of reasons, some of which 
are outside the Group’s control. Any failure to comply with applicable trade sanctions and restrictions could also 
result in criminal and civil penalties and sanctions, such as fines and loss of import and export privileges. 
 
Environmental risks: 
The Group's operations are subject to environmental requirements which govern, among other matters, air 
pollution emissions, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management, and the use, composition, 
handling, distribution and transportation of hazardous materials. Many of these laws and regulations are 
becoming increasingly stringent, and the cost of compliance, including penalties if the Group fails to comply with 
these requirements, can be expected to increase over time.

--- Page 9 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
9
Changes in tax laws of any jurisdiction in which the Group operates, and/or any failure to comply with 
applicable tax legislation may have a material adverse effect for the Group: 
The Group already is and will be subject to prevailing tax legislation, treaties and regulations in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates, or decides to commence operations, and the interpretation and enforcement thereof. The 
Group’s income tax expenses are based upon its interpretation of the tax laws in effect at the time that the 
expense is incurred. If applicable laws, treaties or regulations change, or if the Group's interpretation of the tax 
laws is at variance with the interpretation of the same tax laws by tax authorities, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations or financial condition. If any tax authority  
successfully challenges the Group's operational structure, pricing policies or if taxing authorities do not agree with 
the Group's assessment of the effects of applicable laws, treaties and regulations, or the Group loses a material 
tax dispute in any country, or any tax challenge of the Group's tax payments is successful, the Group's effective 
tax rate on its earnings could increase substantially and the Group's business, earnings and cash flows from 
operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
The Group requires significant liquidity to meet debt obligations 
The ability of the issuer to make principal or interest payments when due in respect of the Bonds will depend on 
the Group’s future financial performance and liquidity position. SalMar is subject to a large number of risk factors 
all of which affect to a greater or lesser extent the Group’s ability to generate cash. 
 
The Bonds will be subordinated to the Issuer’s secured debt 
The secured creditors of the Issuer will have priority over the assets securing their debt. There is therefore a risk 
that secured lenders may enforce their security against the interests of the bondholders, and without consulting 
them. Any assets remaining after repayment of the Issuer’s secured debt may not be sufficient to repay all 
amounts owing under the Bonds. 
 
There can be no assurance of a liquid market for the Bonds and there is a risk of volatility in the price of 
the Bonds 
The liquidity of the market for the Bonds depends on  investor interest in the bond market and particularly in the 
Issuer and the aquaculture segment, among other factors. There are few bond issuers in the aquaculture 
segment, so there is limited data available to gauge investor interest, and there can be no assurance as to the 
liquidity of the market for the Bonds, Bondholders’ ability to sell the Bonds, or the price at which Bondholders 
would be able to sell the Bonds. In addition, if an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price 
and liquidity of the Bonds may be adversely affected.

--- Page 10 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
10
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
SalMar ASA’s annual report of 2020 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of SalMar ASA, as amended and currently in 
effect 
 
Base Propectus 
This document dated 15 July 2021. 
The Base Propectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Propectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Propectus. The 
Base Propectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in 
accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of SalMar ASA 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/ 
SalMar ASA 
SalMar ASA, a Norwegian public limited liability company incorporated 
under the laws of Norway, including the public limited companies act 
 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual 
Report 2020 
 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
The Company and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
MAB 
Maximum allowed biomass 
 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus together with a Final Terms constitutes the 
Prospectus. 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 11 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
11
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Propectus are as follows: 
SalMar ASA, Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
SalMar ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Propectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Propectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Kverva, 15 July 2021 
 
 
 
SalMar ASA

--- Page 12 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
12
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been Ernst & Young AS, independent public accountants.  
 
Ernst & Young AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 13 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
13
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is SalMar ASA, and the commercial name of the Issuer is SalMar. 
 
5.2 Domicile and legal form 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act.  
 
The Company's registered address is Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway. The Company’s LEI code is 
5967007LIEEXZXGDBK67.  
 
The Company has no telephone number at its registered office according to the Norwegian Companies Registry. 
The Company's telephone number is +47 72 44 79 00. 
 
The Company’s website is www.salmar.no. The information on the website does not form part of the Base 
Propectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Propectus.

--- Page 14 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
14
6 Business overview    
SalMar is a producer of farmed salmon with north-atlantic production and globale presence through its sales 
offices. SalMar has farming activity in Central and Northern Norway, Westfjords in Iceland through subsidiary 
Icelandic Salmon and in Scotland, Orkney and Shetland through associated company Scottish Sea Farms. 
Below is a brief description of the Company’s principal activities divided into its business areas with focus on the 
operations in Norway. 
 
  
6.1 Fry and smolt - hatchery production 
As a large international producer of farmed salmon, having access to high quality smolt is crucial to succed in the 
entire value chain. It is therefore of strategic importance to the company to have sufficient smolt capacity in order 
to secure delivery of the right smolt, with the righ size and quality delivered at the right time to the right location. 
 
In Norway SalMar produces fry and smolt at 5 separate facilities in Møre og Romsdal, Trøndelag and Troms. In 
addition, SalMar has one lumpfish production facility. 
 
In central Norway SalMar has four hatcheries and in Northern Norway SalMar has one facility. Almost all of 
SalMar’s smolt production is used to supply its own fish farms. The company currently has adequate supplies of 
smolt of the required quality. 
 
SalMar’s hatcheries have access to freshwater resources which will allow continued growth in output. This is 
particularly true of the largest hatcheries at Follafoss and Senja. In the past years SalMar has also invested in 
recycling technology which permits a higher production of smolt with less consumption of fresh water. 
 
High quality smolt is a precondition for the safe and effective production of farmed salmon. By establishing its own 
standards and associated action plans SalMar has sought to focus on smolt quality. 
 
The company’s hatcheries have substantially upgraded their facilities the last few years. In 2020 the expansion of 
Follafoss was completed at the beginning of the year which gives increased smolt production capacity in Central 
Norway. In May 2020, the construction of the expansion of the smolt facility on Senja started where expected 
delivery of first smolt will be in 2022. In addition construction for a new smolt facility in Tjuin in Central Norway 
started in Q2 21 with expected delivery of first smolt in 2024. 
 
6.2 Farming 
Fish farming Central Norway 
In 2020 SalMar harvested 100,400 tonnes gutted weight in Central Norway. Today, the segment has 68,038 
tonnes MAB for the production of fish at sea farms, and also operates several R&D licences in collaboration with 
other companies. 
 
The fish farming operations are located in Central Norway, stretching from Sunnmøre in the south to the Namdal 
coast in the north. Fish Farming Central Norway is divided into three regions, south (Møre & Romsdal), central 
(Frøya and Hitra) and north (Fosen and Namdalen). The environmental conditions for salmon farming in this 
region are very good, with favourable sea temperatures all year round thanks to the Gulf Stream, a high water 
replacement rate and several suitable locations. 
 
SalMar’s fish farms focus on cost-effective operation and maintain a high ethical standard with respect to animal 
husbandry. In order to contribute to SalMar reaching its goal of being the most cost-effective producer of farmed 
salmon, there is a continuous focus on sub-goals, such as achieving optimal growth with the lowest feed factor. 
The company was quick to introduce its own standards and ‘best practices’ in order to secure increased 
efficiency. This involves, among other things, concentrating marine-phase production at large, sustainable 
facilities stocked with the correct biomass volume and with a good environmental carrying capacity. SalMar is also 
working strategically to secure locations so that we can take our share of future production growth. In 2020 the 
first closed net pen for the company was constructed which was taken into operation in the beginning of 2021. 
 
Fish farming Northern Norway 
In 2020 SalMar harvested 49,900 tonnes gutted weight in Northern Norway. Fish Farming Northern Norway 
currently has 38,251 MAB tonnes for the production of farmed salmon, of which 1 is a demonstration licence. In 
addition, SalMar co-operates several R&D licences. 
 
SalMar has a large aquaculture operation in Troms og Finnmark County, with activities stretching from Harstad in 
southern Troms to Sør-Varanger in Finnmark. The business is divided into two regions: Region South and Region

--- Page 15 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
15
North, which are each led by a regional manager. The segment’s head office and administration are located at 
Finnsnes in Senja. 
 
Remote feeding has been an important focus area for the segment since 2012. This means joint surveillance and 
control of all SalMar’s sea sites from South Troms to East Finnmark. The sea farms are monitored even when 
there is no one physically on site. Data collection is more structured in the remote feeding centre, which provides 
a better foundation for decision making forward in time. 
 
It is possible to produce more salmon in Norway, and Northern Norway has a considerable potential for further 
growth. This region has excellent environmental conditions for sustainable production, which we nurture through 
expertise and systematic improvement efforts. The expansion of SalMar’s smolt production, as well as the 
decision to build a local harvesting plant, underpin the importance to the Group of both Fish Farming Northern 
Norway and the region as a whole. 
 
6.3 Harvesting, packing and processing (VAP) 
SalMar’s VAP operations are very closely linked with the farming operations and have been an important part of 
the company’s development. Bringing large harvesting volumes to a plant affords economies of scale, providing 
flexibility and a better utilisation of the entire salmon, and not leas sustainability advantages through local value 
creation and environmental benefits. 
 
New products are constantly being developed, with various seasonings and packing methods to make them 
easier for the consumer to prepare. 
 
InnovaMar is SalMar’s main industrial processing facility. It is located at Nordskaget in Frøya, in close proximity to 
Fish Farming Central Norway’s sea farms. A significant portion of the volume harvested goes on to secondary 
processing before being sent to customers and consumers around the world. Innovative use of production 
technology increases the quality of the final product, reduces costs and improves the employees’ working 
environment. Through SalMar’s co-ownership of Vikenco AS, SalMar facilitates the harvesting of fish from the 
southern part of Central Norway and Møre & Romsdal County. 
 
In 2020, construction of a new harvesting and processing facility continued in Northern Norway. The facility is 
called InnovaNor. This is an important move to strengthen the region as an important industrial engine in the 
Group’s development and will contribute to local value creation and new employment opportunities. At the same 
time, InnovaNor will provide the same flexibility and immediate capacity, as the Group has at its InnovaMar facility 
in Central Norway, to harvest fish on the terms of the biology and contributing to optimising logistics. Construction 
work is proceeding on schedule, and the facility is expected to go into operation in the summer of 2021. 
 
6.4 Sales and distribution 
SalMar has established a fully integrated system for farming, processing, sales and distribution of farmed salmon 
and is thus in control of the total value chain. 
 
The salmon that SalMar is producing is sold through an in-house salesforce and/ or through close partners. Sales 
activities concentrate on the markets of Europe, Asia and America. Because SalMar attaches particular 
importance to market proximity, the segment has sales offices in Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, Taiwan and 
Singapore. Proximity to markets and customers, direct or through partners is important to secure efficient use of a 
high-quality raw material that has been through a traceable and controlled production process. 
 
SalMar produces a wide variety of fresh and frozen salmon products. The customer base is global and includes 
small and large importerts/ exporters, as well as larger processing companies and retail chains.

--- Page 16 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
16
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Propectus. 
 
7.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
A moderate increase in the global supply of Atlantic salmon is expected in 2021. Although the Covid-19 pandemic 
has created market uncertainty, the end of the first quarter and the start of the second quarter have shown how 
robust the salmon market is. Furthermore, the roll-out of vaccines around the world gives grounds for optimism 
about the future.

--- Page 17 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
17
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Leif Inge Nordhammer 
Chairman 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Margrethe Hauge 
Board member 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Magnus Dybvad 
Board member 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Linda Litlekalsøy Aase  
Board member 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Tonje E. Foss 
Board member 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Simon A. Søbstad 
Board member / 
Employee representative 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Tone Ingebrigtsen 
Board member / 
Employee representative 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
 
Leif Inge Nordhammer was previously CEO in SalMar from 1996 to 2016, with a hiatus from 2011 to 2014. 
Today he works in his investment company LIN AS and is board member of Kverva AS. He has extensive 
experience from leadership positions from several companies within aquaculture and has been a part of the 
industry since 1985. Former companies include Sparebank 1 Midt-Norge, E. Boneng & Sønn, Frøya Holding AS/ 
and Hydro Seafood AS. Nordhammer has educational background for Norwegian Armed Forces, Trondheim 
Business School and University in Trondheim. Nordhammer joined the board of SalMar in June 2020. 
 
Leif Inge Nordhammer owns both directly and indirectly 1,61% of the shares in SalMar ASA. He owns 99,1% of 
LIN AS which directly owns 1,10% of the shares in SalMar ASA and indirectly LIN AS owns 0,51% of the shares 
in SalMar ASA through its 1% ownershare in Kverva AS, which through through Kverva Industrier AS owns 
50,88% of the shares in SalMar ASA. 
 
Margrethe Hauge is CEO of Goodtech ASA and has held management positions within production, supply chain, 
service and sales in aqua, agriculture, maritime and oil & gas industries. She has held positions as CEO at 
Teknisk Bureau AS, Regional Managing Director – Nordic & Germany at MRC Global Inc. and Executive Vice 
President Services at TTS Group ASA. She has also held several management positions at Kverneland Group. 
Ms Hauge started her career as trainee at Norsk Hydro ASA. She is member of the board of Borregaard ASA and 
GIEK. She holds a Master’s degree in Economics & Business Administration, University of Mannheim, Germany. 
 
Magnus Dybvad has worked in Kverva for 10 years, and is today investment director in the company. In Kverva 
he has been working with transactions, existing investments and market research with a specific focus on salmon. 
The engagement related to the portfolio companies has been related to business development, M&A and 
strategy. Magnus Dybvad started his career with equity research in First Securities in 2008. He holds a MSc from 
NTNU (Norwegian University of Science and Technology) within industrial economics and technology 
management with an exchange in Canada. Magnus Dybvad joined the board of SalMar June 2021. 
 
Linda Litlekalsøy Aase is EVP Brownfield projects in Aker Solutions. The Norwegian joined Aker Solutions in 
April 2014 and has almost 20 years of industry experience, from technical management to a variety of leadership 
positions, including head of Aker Solutions’ maintenance, modifications and operations business in Norway. She 
holds a MSc in material technology from NTNU, and has studied business economics and management 
accounting at NHH. Linda L. Aase joined the board of SalMar June 2020. 
 
Tonje Foss is strategy director in Enova. From 2017 to 2020 she was regionaldirector in Atea for region North. 
She has 19 years of experience from the oil industry from various positions and companies, including Kvaerner, 
Schlumberger and Aker BP. Foss has previously been board member in Buestiftelsen and Det Norske 
Oljeselskap, and currently is a board member in Sparebank 1 SMN. Tonje Foss joined the board of SalMar in 
June 2020. 
 
Simon A. Søbstad started his career in SalMar in February 2007. Since then, he has held a number of different 
roles within sales and industry.

--- Page 18 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
18
Tone Ingebrigtsen works as a fish health manager for the nothern region of SalMar Farming. She has a master 
degree in aquamedicine, and an MBA from Nord University Business School. Tone started working within the 
aquaculture industry in 2006, and has been part of the SalMar-team since 2014.. 
 
 
Executive Management 
For the members of the Executive Management of the Company the description below sets out the names, 
business address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them 
outside the Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Gustav Witzøe 
President & CEO 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Trine Sæther Romuld 
CFO & COO 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Roger Bekken 
COO Farming 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Frode Arntsen 
COO Industry and Sales 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Ulrik Steinvik 
Director Business Improvement 
Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
 
Gustav Witzøe is the co-founder of SalMar ASA. He holds a degree in engineering. After several years as an 
engineer he co-founded BEWI AS, a company producing styrofoam boxes for the fish farming industry. Mr. 
Witzøe held the position as managing director of BEWI AS until 1990. Since Mr. Witzøe founded SalMar ASA in 
1991 he has gained extensive experience in fish farming and processing. 
 
Gustav Witzøe indirectly owns 93,02% of Kverva AS, which in turn through Kverva Industrier AS owns 50.88% of 
the shares in SalMar ASA. Mr Witzøe is also a director of Kverva AS. 
 
Trine Sæther Romuld took over as CFO & COO on 1 July 2019. Romuld has extensive experience from a broad 
range of management positions within seafood, oilservice, consulting and auditing, from both Norwegian and 
international companies. In addition, Romuld has significant experience as board member and leader of audit 
committee for listed companies. Romuld is a state authorized public accountant from Norwegian school of 
economics (NHH). 
 
Trine Sæther Romuld owns 4,219 shares in SalMar ASA. 
 
Roger Bekken took over as COO Farming on 4 June 2018. Mr Bekken has worked in the seafood sector since 
1991. He has held a variety of executive positions in the industry. Before joining SalMar is 2014, he was COO of 
Farming at Norway Royal Salmon (NRS). From 2014 until June 2018, Mr Bekken was managing director at 
SalMar Farming AS. 
 
Roger Bekken owns 14,245 shares in SalMar ASA. 
 
Frode Arntsen took the position as COO, Industry and Sales on 1 December 2017. He has a background from 
the Norwegian Military, and is educated as a lecturer within management. He has worked in the seafood industry 
since 2000, and has previously held senior/director positions at Lerøy Midnor, HitraMat and Lerøy Midt. 
 
Frode Arntsen owns 3,380 shares in SalMar ASA. 
 
Ulrik Steinvik started in the position as Director Business Improvement in August 2017. Mr. Steinvik holds the 
title as Norwegian state authorized public accountant. Berfore Steinvik joined SalMar in 2006 he served with 
Arthur Andersen Norway and Ernst & Young AS from 1998 to 2006. He graduated from the Norwegian School of 
Economics and Business Administration in 2002. 
 
Ulrik Steinvik owns 138,191 shares in SalMar ASA. Owns 17,122 shares directly and indirectly through personal 
related parties. Also owns 100 per cent of the shares in Nordpilan AS. Nordpilan AS owns 0.2 per cent of the 
shares in Kverva AS, which in turn through Kverva Industrier AS owns 50.88 per cent of the shares in SalMar 
ASA. 
 
 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
As at 31 December 2020, SalMar ASA owned 232,071 treasury shares, which accounts for 0.20 per cent of the 
company’s registered share capital. Transactions involving treasury shares are undertaken on the stock exchange 
or otherwise at the listed price.

--- Page 19 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
19
In the event of not immaterial transactions with related parties, the company shall make use of valuations and 
assessments provided by an inde¬pendent third party. 
 
In the event of capital increases based on an authorisation issued by a general meeting of shareholders, where 
the existing shareholders’ rights are waived, the reason for this will be provided in a public announcement in 
connection with the capital increase. 
 
SalMar’s code of conduct and regulations regarding insider trading set out what is required of employees with 
respect to loyalty, conflicts of interest, confidentiality and guidelines for trading in the company’s shares. The code 
of conduct states that all employees must notify the Board if they, directly or indirectly, have a material interest in 
any agreement entered into by the company. Board members also have a duty to comply with the company’s 
code of conduct. 
 
SalMar’s CEO Gustav Witzøe is the company’s founder. He indirectly owns 93.02 per cent of Kverva AS, which, 
through Kverva Industrier AS, owns 50.88 per cent of the shares in SalMar ASA. Witzøe is a member of the board 
of Kverva AS. The instructions regulating the Audit and Risk Committee contain a point relating to monitoring of 
the company’s routines and follow-up of transactions between related parties. 
 
Transactions with related parties are discussed in Note 4.7 to the 2020 consolidated financial statements. 
 
Other than the above, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the 
Issuer by the persons referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 20 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
20
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the share capital of SalMar ASA amounted to NOK 29 449 999.75 divided 
into 117 799 999 shares at nominal value of NOK 0.25 each. The Company has one class of shares. 
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 18th of June 2021 is set out in the table below: 
 
Name 
Shares 
 
% 
KVERVA INDUSTRIER AS 
    59 934 476  
50,88 % 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
       6 603 925  
5,61 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
       1 766 457  
1,50 % 
CACEIS Bank 
       1 588 439  
1,35 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
       1 549 610  
1,32 % 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES SERVICES 
       1 348 119  
1,14 % 
LIN AS 
       1 299 685  
1,10 % 
CACEIS Bank 
       1 194 456  
1,01 % 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London 
       1 149 130  
0,98 % 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
       1 112 249  
0,94 % 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London 
          919 134  
0,78 % 
The Northern Trust Comp, London Br 
          912 900  
0,77 % 
Brown Brothers Harriman (Lux.) SCA 
          750 701  
0,64 % 
SIX SIS AG 
          709 901  
0,60 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG GAMBA 
          678 836  
0,58 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
          641 677  
0,54 % 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
          588 220  
0,50 % 
CACEIS Bank 
          567 412  
0,48 % 
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER 
          559 983  
0,48 % 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
          553 624  
0,47 % 
Total top 20 
    84 428 934  
71,67 % 
Others 
    33 371 065  
28,33 % 
Total 
  117 799 999  
100,00 % 
 
 
 
Kverva Industrier AS owns 59 934 476 shares in the Company, providing them a majority control. Other than what 
follows by laws and regulations, and governance principles described in the Corporate Governance which can be 
found on the website and in the annual report 2020, no other measures are in place to ensure that such majority 
ownership is not abused. 
 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 21 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
21
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
SalMar ASA's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with international reporting 
standards (IFRS) and interpretations thereof determined by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
approved by the EU as at 31 December 2020, as well as disclosure requirements pursuant to the Norwegian 
Acccounting Act at 31 December 2020. The Group's accounting policies are shown in the Annual Report 2020, 
part 1, pages 92-95. 
 
SalMar ASA's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act of 1998 
and generally accepted accounting practice in Norway (NGAAP). SalMar ASA's accounting policies are shown in 
the Annual Report 2020, note 1, pages 156-157. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2020, see Cross 
Reference List for complete web address.  
 
 
Annual Report 2020 
 
Page(s) 
 
 
SalMar ASA Consolidated 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
83 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
 
85-86 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
87-88 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
92-150 
 
 
SalMar ASA 
 
Income Statement 
151 
Statement of Financial Position  
152-153 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
 
154 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
156-167 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2020 has been audited by Ernst & Young AS. The audit has been 
conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in 
Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual Report 2020 pages 
170-172. 
 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
There has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position 
or profitability. 
 
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 22 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
22
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The below tables are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 596/2014 over 
the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state 
Date 
Information 
01.07.2021 
SalMar acquires 51 percent ownership in Nekton Havbruk AS; 
SalMar has 01.07.2021, participated in a private placement decided by the 
general meeting of Nekton Havbruk AS against SalMar Farming AS. Following the 
transaction, SalMar Farming AS will own 51 percent of the shares in Nekton 
Havbruk AS. 
09.06.2021 
Ex dividend; 
The shares in SalMar ASA will be quoted ex-dividend of NOK 20.00 per share as 
from 9 June 2021. 
08.06.2021 
Minutes from annual general meeting; 
All items were resolved in accordance with the Board's calling notice and the 
recommendations from the nomination committee. 
29.04.2021 
Proposal for new chairman of the board; 
The nomination committee has come to a recommendation where Leif Inge Nordhammer 
replaces Atle Eide as chairman of the board 
13.04.2021 
Successful placement of new senior unsecured green bonds; 
SalMar ASA has successfully completed a new senior unsecured green bond issue of NOK 
3,500 million with maturity 22 January 2027 
09.04.2021 
Key information relating to cash dividend; 
Disclosure of key information relating to cash dividend 
09.04.2021 
Final year-end financial statements for 2020 approved by the board of directors; 
The board of directors of SalMar ASA has reviewed and approved the final year-end financial 
statements for 2020 
07.04.2021 
Assigned A- Investment Grade rating with a stable outlook from Nordic Credit Rating; 
Nordic Credit Rating has assigned a first-time long-term issuer rating of 
A- with a stable outlook to SalMar ASA 
25.02.2021 
Strengthens strategic focus on offshore aquaculture and appoints new CFO & Director of 
Strategy at SalMar Ocean; 
To strengthen the team at SalMar Ocean, Group CFO & COO Trine Sæther 
Romuld, in consultation with SalMar's CEO and board of directors, has announced 
her decision to accept the role of CFO & Director of Strategy at SalMar Ocean, 
when a new Group CFO in SalMar is recruited to SalMar. 
04.12.2020 
Minutes from extraordinarty general meeting 2020; 
All items were resolved in accordance with the Board's calling notice and the 
recommendations from the nomination committee. 
12.11.2020 
Key information relating to cash dividend; 
Disclosure of key information relating to cash dividend 
31.08.2020 
Financial calendar; 
Disclosure of financial calendar 
18.08.2020 
Purchase of increased capacity in auction of new acuculture licenses; 
At the auction held by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries with close 18 
August 2020, SalMar bought a total capacity of 8,057 tonnes MAB (maximum 
allowed biomass) for a total of NOK 1,760 million. 
08.07.2020 
Approval for conversion of development licenses for the Ocean Farm 1 project; 
SalMar's subsidiary Ocean Farming AS has been granted its eight development 
licenses converted into ordinary fish production licenses. 
 
 
Half yearly financial reports and audit reports / limited reviews 
Date 
Information 
12.05.2021 
Results for the first quarter 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for the first quarter 2021 
25.02.2021 
Results for the fourth quarter 2020; 
Disclosure of the results for the fourth quarter 2020 
12.11.2020 
Results for the third quarter 2020; 
Disclosure of the results for the third quarter 2020 
27.08.2020 
Results for the second quarter 2020; 
Disclosure of the results for the second quarter 2020

--- Page 23 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
23
Annual financial and audit reports 
Date 
Information 
23.04.2021 
Integrated annual report 2020; 
Disclosure of the 2020 integrated annual report, including sustainability reporting 
 
 
Inside information 
Date 
Information 
29.06.2021 
Scottish Sea Farms Ltd. enters into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Grieg Seafood 
Hjaltland UK Ltd.; 
Scottish Sea Farms Ltd. ("SSF"), a vertically integrated Scottish salmon farming 
company owned 50/50 by Lerøy Seafood Group ASA and SalMar ASA,  has 29 
June 2021, signed a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire 100% of the Shares in 
Grieg Seafood Hjaltland UK Ltd. ("GSHU") from Grieg Seafood ASA 
15.10.2020 
Icelandic Salmon AS: Private placement successfully completed; 
Private placement successfully completed with a total transaction size of approximately NOK 
647 million through the allocation of 5,629,344 shares at a price of NOK 115 per share. 
 
 
Total number of voting rights and capital 
Date 
Information 
08.06.2021 
Private placement successfully completed; 
The Company raised approximately NOK 2,709 million in gross proceeds through a private 
placement (the "Private Placement") of 4,500,000 new shares (the "New Shares"), at a price 
per share of NOK 602.

--- Page 24 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
24
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Propectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website stated in clause 5.2: 
 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Propectus.

--- Page 25 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
25
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for the 
issuance of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
26
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance with 
the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 27 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
27
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
currency of the Bonds settlement system is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day: 
a) If Modified Following Adjusted is specified (FRN), the Interest Period will be extended to 
include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day. 
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby a person or group of persons, 
other than Kverva AS (registration number 919 818 824), acting in concert gaining Decisive 
Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other      
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account.

--- Page 28 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
28
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Salmar ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
The bond issue’s Joint Lead Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
29
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event.  
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option og Early redemption option due to a tax 
event.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
30
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until five banking days before the Maturity Date or any earlier date when 
the Bonds have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the 
aggregate nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for green projects as further defined in the 
Green Bond Framework, including by way of refinancing existing intra-Group debt originally incurred to finance 
such green projects. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.salmar.no/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, 
Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal.

--- Page 31 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
31
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Propectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 88,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims 
which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place.

--- Page 32 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
32
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Bonds may be rated, please see Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
33
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Annex 2.

--- Page 34 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
34
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Propectus 
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.salmar.no/en/latest-
reports/ 
SalMar ASA’s consolidated accounting policies, pages 92-
95 
 
SalMar ASA’s accounting policies, pages 156-157 
 
 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.salmar.no/en/latest-
reports/ 
SalMar ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated Income Statement page 83 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position pages 85-86 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows pages 87-88 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 92-
150 
 
SalMar ASA 
Income Statement page 151 
Statement of Financial Position pages 152-153 
Statement of Cash Flows page 154 
Notes to the financial statements pages 156-167 
 
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.salmar.no/en/latest-
reports/ 
Auditors report pages 170-172 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
35
Joint Lead Managers’ disclaimer 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Norwegian Branch, DNB Bank ASA and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, the Joint Lead 
Managers, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Propectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified 
the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is 
made and the Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Propectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the issuance or distribution of bonds by SalMar ASA. The statements made in this paragraph are without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Company. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Propectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Propectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Trondheim/Oslo, 15 July 2021 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
(www.danskebank.no)  
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
Nordea Bank Abp, Norwegian 
branch 
(www.nordea.no)

--- Page 36 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
36
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Salmar ASA

--- Page 37 ---
1 
 
VEDTEKTER FOR SALMAR ASA       
 
Organisasjonsnummer: 960 514 718 
(Sist endret 08.06.2021) 
 
§ 1 
Selskapets navn er SalMar ASA. Selskapet skal være et allmennaksjeselskap. 
§ 2 
Selskapets formål er havbruk, foredling og omsetning av all type fisk og skalldyr, samt annen 
økonomisk virksomhet tilknyttet dette. Selskapet kan videre etter myndighetenes 
retningslinjer drive alminnelig investeringsvirksomhet, herunder også deltakelse i andre 
selskaper med tilsvarende eller beslektet formål.  
§ 3 
Selskapets forretningskontor er: 7266 Kverva. 
§ 4 
Selskapets aksjekapital er kr. 29 449 999,75 fordelt på 117 799 999 aksjer pålydende kr. 0,25. 
Selskapets aksjer skal være registrert i VPS. 
§ 5 
Selskapet ledes av et styre på 5 til 9 medlemmer etter generalforsamlingens beslutning. 
§ 6 
Selskapets firma tegnes av 2 styremedlemmer i fellesskap. Styret kan meddele prokura. 
§ 7 
Ordinær generalforsamling holdes hvert år innen utgangen av juni måned. Innkallelse til så 
vel ordinær som ekstraordinær generalforsamling foretas skriftlig med 21 dagers frist regnet 
fra avsendelsesdato. Selskapets generalforsamling kan holdes i Oslo eller Trondheim i tillegg 
til på Kverva. 
Dokumenter som skal behandles på generalforsamlingen kan gjøres tilgjengelige på 
selskapets internettsider. Det samme gjelder dokumenter som etter lov skal inntas i eller

--- Page 38 ---
2 
 
vedlegges innkallingen til generalforsamlingen. Dersom dokumentene tilgjengeliggjøres på 
denne måten skal ikke lovens krav om utsendelse til aksjeeierne få anvendelse. En aksjeeier 
kan allikevel kreve å få tilsendt dokumenter som gjelder saker som skal behandles på 
generalforsamlingen. 
Styret kan bestemme at aksjonærene skal kunne avgi sin stemme skriftlig, herunder ved bruk 
av elektronisk kommunikasjon, i en periode før generalforsamlingen. For slik stemmegivning 
skal det benyttes en betryggende metode for å autentisere avsenderen 
§ 8 
Valgkomiteen skal bestå av til sammen 3 medlemmer som skal være aksjeeiere eller 
representanter for aksjeeiere. Valgkomiteens medlemmer, herunder valgkomiteens leder, 
velges av generalforsamlingen for to år av gangen. Valgkomiteen avgir innstilling til valg av 
medlemmer til styret og godtgjørelse til styrets medlemmer. Godtgjørelse til medlemmene 
av valgkomiteen fastsettes av generalforsamlingen. 
 
§ 9 
Den ordinære generalforsamling skal behandle: 
1. Styrets årsberetning 
2. Fastsettelse av selskapets resultatregnskap og balanse 
3. Anvendelse av selskapets årsoverskudd eller dekning av underskudd i henhold til 
fastsatt balanse, samt utdeling av utbytte 
4. Fastsettelse av honorar til styre og godkjennelse av revisors godtgjørelse 
5. Andre saker som i henhold til lov eller vedtekter hører inn under 
generalforsamlingen 
 
 
 
*********

--- Page 39 ---
SalMar ASA, 15 July 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
37
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 40 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kverva, [Date]

--- Page 41 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 42 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.salmar.no/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, 
Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 43 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
SalMar ASA, Industriveien 51, N-7266 Kverva, Norway 
Telephone +47 72 44 79 00  
Registration number 960 514 718 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXGDBK67. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 15 July 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
SalMar ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
SalMar ASA is a producer of farmed salmon. The company has 
farming activity along the northwest and northern coast of 
Norway. Salmar has harvesting and processing activity locally in 
Norway.  
Major shareholders 
 
Name 
Shares 
 
% 
KVERVA INDUSTRIER AS 
    59 934 476  
50,88 % 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
       6 603 925  
5,61 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
       1 766 457  
1,50 % 
CACEIS Bank 
       1 588 439  
1,35 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
       1 549 610  
1,32 % 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES SERVICES 
       1 348 119  
1,14 % 
LIN AS 
       1 299 685  
1,10 % 
CACEIS Bank 
       1 194 456  
1,01 % 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London 
       1 149 130  
0,98 %

--- Page 44 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
       1 112 249  
0,94 % 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London 
          919 134  
0,78 % 
The Northern Trust Comp, London Br 
          912 900  
0,77 % 
Brown Brothers Harriman (Lux.) SCA 
          750 701  
0,64 % 
SIX SIS AG 
          709 901  
0,60 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET ALFRED BERG 
GAMBA 
          678 836 
 
0,58 % 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp 
          641 677  
0,54 % 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
          588 220  
0,50 % 
CACEIS Bank 
          567 412  
0,48 % 
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER 
          559 983  
0,48 % 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
          553 624  
0,47 % 
Total top 20 
    84 428 934   
71,67 % 
Others 
    33 371 065  
28,33 % 
Total 
  117 799 999  
100,00 % 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
Name  
Position  
Gustav Witzøe 
President & CEO 
Trine Sæther Romuld 
CFO & COO 
Roger Bekken 
COO Farming 
Frode Arntsen 
COO Industry and Sales 
Ulrik Steinvik 
Director Business Improvement 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
SalMar ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
Operating profit 
2,827,968 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
5,826,310 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
3,178,890 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
553,631 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-3,747,495 
 
SalMar ASA 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
Operating profit 
-34,484 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
4,498,050 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-565,067 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
587,314 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-20,406

--- Page 45 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
 
• 
The Group may not be successful in successfully 
managing and/or eliminating risks 
• 
Risks related to existing and increasing competition in 
the farmed salmon market 
• 
The Group's operations are subject to biological risks 
• 
The Group is dependent on favorable salmon prices, 
which may be affected by a number of factors, to sustain 
or expand its operations 
• 
Risks related to feed costs and supply 
• 
The Group is exposed to regulatory risk related to climate 
change 
• 
The Group is exposed to market risks related to climate 
change 
• 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risks 
• 
The Group is subject to extensive regulations 
• 
Risks relating to the Group's current and future expected 
licenses 
• 
Risks related to international trade restrictions imposed 
on the Group 
• 
Changes in tax laws of any jurisdiction in which the 
Group operates, and/or any failure to comply with 
applicable tax legislation may have a material adverse 
effect for the Group 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
 
 
• 
The group requires significant liquidity to meet debt 
obligations 
• 
The Bonds will be subordinated to the Issuer’s secured 
debt 
• 
There can be no assurance of a liquid market for the 
Bonds and there is a risk of volatility in the price of the 
bonds

--- Page 46 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 47 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
SalMar ASA registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with 
registration number 960 514 718. The Company’s LEI code is 
5967007LIEEXZXGDBK67. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions]

--- Page 48 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 49 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the

--- Page 50 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.salmar.no/    
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 88,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 51 ---
SalMar ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]