--- Page 1 ---
1 
UK-#759376029v1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
  
SANDVIK AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)  
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") of Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Issuer" or the "Parent Company") has 
been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and 
comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the 
date hereof. The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses 
for securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The 
CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) 
is valid until 25 October 2025. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. Applications have been made for such Notes to be 
admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admission to trading on the professional segment of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer. 
Sandvik has been assigned an A- long-term senior unsecured rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). Each Series of Notes issued under the Programme may or may not be rated.  
S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). S&P appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. The rating S&P has given to the 
Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
UK-#759376029v1 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
HANDELSBANKEN  
J.P. MORGAN 
NORDEA  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
SWEDBANK  
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC  
MIZUHO 
MUFG 
SEB  
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK AG 
25 October 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
UK-#759376029v1 
CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 4 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 29 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .......................... 31 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 84 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 97 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 114 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 117 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 118 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 137 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 139 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 144

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK-#759376029v1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement and declares that, to the best of 
its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms, Pricing Supplement and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In the 
case of Exempt Notes, any reference in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference 
to "Pricing Supplement" unless the context requires otherwise.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third-party sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions 
of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the 
Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale".

--- Page 5 ---
5 
UK-#759376029v1 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, 
sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY 
OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or

--- Page 6 ---
6 
UK-#759376029v1 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation (the "Benchmarks Register"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the European Money Market Institute as administrator of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") is included in the Benchmarks Register, the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility as 
administrator of STIBOR is included on the Benchmarks Register and, as far as the Issuer is aware, the New York 
Federal Reserve, as administrator of SOFR, the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA and the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of €STR are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and 
provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at 
the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the 
euro, as amended, and references to SEK or Swedish krona are to the lawful currency of Sweden and references 
to Renminbi, Chinese Yuan Renminbi or CNY means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China

--- Page 7 ---
7 
UK-#759376029v1 
(excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) (the PRC). 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as may be applicable. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
UK-#759376029v1 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and 
if appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. The following overview constitutes a general description of 
the Programme for purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
The Group 
Sandvik AB (publ). 
Sandvik AB (publ) and its subsidiaries 
 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Danske 
Bank 
A/S, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., 
Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Société Générale, Standard Chartered Bank AG, Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and any other 
Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
 
Substitution: 
The Conditions permit the substitution of the Issuer, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, for a subsidiary of Sandvik AB (publ) as 
principal debtor in respect of any Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme, subject to satisfaction of the conditions as described in 
Condition 18 (Substitution). 
 
Swedish Issuing Agent: 
For notes registered in Sweden (the Swedish Registered Notes), an 
account operator specifically appointed by the Issuer to assist in 
connection with the issue of Swedish Registered Notes. 
 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions, in which event, 
the relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (a) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (b) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms or, as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Prospectus. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
UK-#759376029v1 
FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to €5,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, on a fully or partly paid basis. The price and 
amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. In the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement may specify whether 
a different interest basis applies. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
the Pricing Supplement)) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version 
of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement may 
specify whether a different interest basis applies. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders and/or on the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Exempt Notes may also be 
redeemable in two or more instalments on such dates and in such 
manner as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United 
Kingdom Securities Laws". 
 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale - Other UK 
regulatory restrictions", and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA 
or offered to the public either in a Member State of the EEA or in the 
UK in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication 
of a prospectus under either the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") will be Euro 100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 13, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).

--- Page 11 ---
11 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
Cross Default:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) to 
be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof 
to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or to trading on the professional 
segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market.  
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The 
Programme provides that Exempt Notes may be issued on the basis 
that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
that they may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems (provided that such exchange or quotation system 
is not a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant purchaser(s) in relation to such issue. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Status: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
 
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form or in Swedish 
registered form in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument) as amended (the SFIA Act) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rating: 
Any rating of the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection therewith, will be governed by English 
law. Swedish Registered Notes must comply with the SFIA Act. 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
 
Financial Information: 
See "Description of the Issuer—Selected Financial Information" and 
"Financial Information and Auditor's Reports". 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer, or as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
UK-#759376029v1 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activity and industry 
International political, economic and other uncertainties may affect the Group's results and operations 
The Group's and its customers' operations are geographically widespread and, therefore, uncertainty in the global, 
regional or local economic and geo-political risks such as accidents, civil unrest, wars and other unforeseen events 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. These include, for example, the war in 
Ukraine (and the related sanctions and countersanctions), which exposed the Group to short term risks related to 
the impact on its balance sheet and earnings, linked foremost to direct and indirect exposure to Russia and Ukraine. 
The current tensions in the Taiwan Strait, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, as well disruptions in global supply 
chains could also have a material effect on the Group's and its customers' results and operations. Furthermore, the 
worldwide transition from an expansionary monetary policy to a more restrictive one also presents risks for the 
macroeconomic environment. In particular, inflation rates in many worldwide economies have risen significantly 
since 2021, which may negatively affect economic growth in certain regions and has led, and may lead to, regional 
or global economic recessions, and may lead to declines in consumer spending and confidence, and increase 
borrowing costs. While inflation has slowed in 2024 to date, a resurgence of higher inflation is possible. In 
addition, high levels of public and private debt, volatile commodity and energy prices as well as political and 
economic uncertainty have in the past, and may in the future, have a negative impact on consumption, damaging 
the macroeconomic environment. While it is impossible to fully predict these events and their long-term impact, 
these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's and its customers' financial position should they 
materialise.  
Further, the Group also has extensive operations in emerging markets across certain countries in South America, 
Africa and Asia. Its business operations in these countries may be subject to various political, economic and social 
conditions which include nationalisation of assets, social, political or economic instability, volatility in currency 
exchange rates and in gross domestic product or restrictions on repatriation of profits and transfers of cash which 
all could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Operations in emerging markets may present risks that are not encountered in countries with well-established 
economic and political systems, including economic instability, which could make it difficult for the Group to 
anticipate future business conditions in these markets, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's products are used in industries which are either cyclical or affected by general economic conditions  
The demand for the Group's products and services is affected by changes in customers' investment plans and 
production levels. Customers' investment plans could change materially if the economic situation in an industry, 
country or region changes. In addition, changes in the political situation in a region or country or political decisions 
affecting an industry or country could also materially impact investments in equipment. If customers' demand for 
the Group's products decline, and sales volumes are reduced, the Group will be impacted by under-absorption of 
fixed costs in respect of its production facilities. Also, the replacement needs of existing production capacity, new 
competing technologies, competitive pressures and other economic factors in its customer industries could also 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
UK-#759376029v1 
Issuer believes that the Group's sales are well diversified with customers in many industries and operations in 
about 170 countries, the Group may be affected by a downturn in the general economic situation in the markets in 
which it operates. Any such downturn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
New product innovation  
The Group's long-term growth and profitability is dependent on its ability to develop, and successfully launch and 
market, new products. The Group's revenues and market share may suffer if it is unable to introduce new products 
successfully in a timely fashion or if any new or enhanced products or services are introduced by its competitors 
that its customers find more advanced and/or better suitable for their needs. If the Group is not able to keep pace 
with global product development and technological advances, including also shifts in technology in the markets 
in which it operates, or to meet customer demands, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The markets for the Group's products are highly competitive in terms of pricing, product design and service quality, 
the timing of development and introduction of new products, customer service and terms of financing. The Group 
faces intense competition from significant global competitors and to a lesser extent small regional companies. If it 
does not compete successfully in all its business areas and does not anticipate and respond to changes in evolving 
market demands, including the demand for new products, it will not be able to compete successfully in its markets, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The planning and implementation of the Group's business operations seeks to take into account market 
opportunities and opportunities to acquire new businesses. Any failure in the Group's business development could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If the manufacturing and production facilities of the Group or its suppliers are damaged, destroyed or closed for 
any reason or there are interruptions in the supply chain, its ability to distribute its products will be significantly 
affected  
The Group has a global manufacturing strategy based on manufacturing core components complemented with 
sourcing of other components from suppliers. The core component manufacturing is concentrated into few 
locations per region and if these facilities are destroyed or closed for any reason or the equipment in the facilities 
is significantly damaged, or there are severe interruptions in its productions, the Group is likely to face setbacks 
in its ability to manufacture and distribute its products. If any of the Group's key suppliers is unable to (i) meet the 
Group's needs; or (ii) substantially increases its prices, the Group may be forced to seek alternative suppliers. If 
the Group is obliged to find a new supplier on short notice, the likely delay caused by the establishment of the 
necessary internal processes and the obtaining of regulatory approval (in the case of a number of the Group's 
products) for such new supplier may cause disruption to the Group's supply chain. The Group may not be able to 
find alternative suppliers at short notice or at competitive prices. In addition, some of the raw materials used may 
become unavailable, and there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain suitable and cost-effective 
substitutes. Such circumstances, to the extent it is unable to find an alternative manufacturing and production 
facility or repair the damaged facilities or damaged equipment in a timely and cost-efficient manner, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the 
availability of non-core components is dependent on the suppliers and if they have interruptions or if they do not 
have enough capacity, this could have an adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations.  
Global health risks 
Major outbreaks of disease (including, for example, COVID-19 and its mutation and variation) may cause the 
Group to experience labour shortages, supply chain or operational interruptions, higher input costs or changes in 
demand for its products that, if experienced in the Group's major facilities or on a widespread basis, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business.  
In addition, governmental decisions to limit the spread of disease, including national and regional lockdowns, 
stricter border security measures, or other types of restriction may also cause disruptions at production facilities 
and to the Group's supply chain, as well as affecting the ability of third parties to fulfil their obligations towards 
the Group. More extensive outbreaks of disease may also cause a temporary fall in demand for some of the Group's 
products through, for example, the closure of mines or other customer facilities, changes in consumer behaviour, 
and fluctuating economic conditions in the countries where the Group operates. Any such impacts of any disease

--- Page 14 ---
14 
UK-#759376029v1 
and any future pandemics could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on the efficiency of its distribution centres, distributors and aftermarket organisation  
The Group most often distributes its products and services directly to the end customers, but also through 
distributors. A significant part of physical distribution of products is concentrated to a number of distribution 
centres and the provision of services depends on the efficiency of the Group's aftermarket organisation. Should the 
Group's distribution centres, distributors or other aftermarket organisations be subjected to disruptions its sales 
may be affected, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's revenues and results of 
operations. 
Any difficulties the Group encounters relating to the integration of recent or future acquisitions could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition 
In addition to organically growing the Group's business, the Group continuously evaluates potential value-added 
acquisitions in the core areas of its business to complement its existing product portfolio, to gain access to new 
markets and to create synergies. The process of co-ordinating and integrating acquired businesses with the Group's 
own business will continue to require managerial and financial resources. In addition, the integration process could 
also cause the interruption to, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of its business, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The management of integration of the businesses, systems and culture of any acquired business requires, among 
other things, the continued development of the acquired businesses financial and management controls, including 
the integration of information systems and structure, the integration of product offerings and customer base and 
the training of new personnel, all of which could disrupt and place a strain on the Group's management resources 
as well as require significant expenditure. Any significant diversion of the attention of the Issuer's executive 
management and other resources or any major difficulties encountered in the integration of an acquired business 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In agreeing to acquire new businesses, the Issuer makes certain assumptions and determinations on, among other 
things, future sales and need for capital expenditures, based on its investigation of the respective businesses and 
other information then available. While the Issuer believes it is well positioned to assess the opportunities and 
risks associated with these acquisitions, the Issuer cannot provide assurance that its assumptions and 
determinations will prove to be correct and liabilities, contingencies or losses, if realised, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
From time to time, the Group undertake dispositions via sales, joint ventures or other exit activities, and may face 
risks related to such transactions. 
Occasionally, the Group disposes parts of its operations in order to optimise its global strategic and geographic 
footprint and synergies. The Group has engaged in such dispositions in the past, including the distribution of 
Alleima AB to the Issuer's shareholders and the previous winding down of the Group's operations in Russia. It is 
expected that the Group will continue to dispose of portions of its business that are not meeting its performance or 
strategic objectives. Among other alternatives, this could take the form of a closure of a business, the contribution 
of the business to a joint venture, or an exit by means of a sale to, or a franchise arrangement with, a third party. 
There are risks and costs associated with any exit activity, which could include difficulties in the separation of 
operations, services or personnel, the diversion of management attention, and the disruption of its business. Any 
such transactions may require regulatory or governmental approvals, which could impede the transaction. 
Divestitures may also involve continued financial involvement in, or liability with respect to, the divested 
businesses. As a result of divestiture transactions, the Group could incur severance charges for personnel and 
payments for lease and other commitments, charges from the impairment or write-off of assets, and other financial 
loss due to the transaction. Furthermore, there is the risk that the Group might lose customers, in particular 
multinational clients with operations in the exited countries or operations. The reputational risks include the risk 
that marketplace participants, including clients, candidates and the media, may believe that the Group continues 
to control the operations of a divested or franchised business that operates utilising its name or other trademarks.  
Climate related events and climate change legislation could adversely affect the Group's results and operations 
The effects of climate change and the ongoing efforts to mitigate its impact, including through climate change 
related legislation and regulation, could significantly affect the Group's profitability and financial condition.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
UK-#759376029v1 
Significant physical effects of climate change, such as extreme weather and natural disasters, may affect the Group 
and its customers. For example, the Group's property is exposed to hail, wind, flood, lightning and storm surge 
environmental risks. In addition, extreme weather and natural disasters may have effects on the manufacturing 
industry or economy due to the interdependence of market factors. If such extreme weather or a natural disaster 
were to occur in a geographic region in which a large number of customers are located, these risks would be 
exacerbated. Further, changes to laws or regulations enacted to address the potential impacts of climate change 
(including laws which may adversely impact the manufacturing industry in particular as a result of efforts to 
mitigate the factors contributing to climate change, as well as constraints related to lending on greenhouse gas-
emitting products) could have an adverse impact on the Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position 
Through its comprehensive international operations, the Issuer is exposed to currency, interest and financing risks. 
Currency risk 
Foreign-exchange movements affect the Issuer's earnings and competitive situation in different ways: 
• 
Earnings are affected when sales and purchases are made in different currencies (transaction exposure). 
Since a large percentage of production occurs in a few countries, but sales occur in many countries, the 
Issuer is therefore exposed to a large net inflow of foreign currencies.  
• 
Earnings are affected when assets and liabilities are denominated in different currencies (translation 
exposure). The Issuer has assets denominated in Swedish krona and liabilities denominated in various 
currencies including in euros and U.S. dollars. Earnings are affected when the financial results of 
subsidiaries are translated to Swedish krona. 
Interest risk 
Changes in market interest rates may affect the Group's net interest items adversely. The impact on net interest 
items from a change in interest rates depends on the interest terms of assets and liabilities. Interest risk arises in 
three ways: 
• 
the Issuer may have invested in interest-bearing assets, the value of which changes when the interest rate 
changes;  
• 
the cost of the Issuer's borrowing fluctuates when the general interest rate situation changes; and 
• 
the cost of the Issuer's borrowing fluctuates when the credit margin on borrowings changes.  
Liquidity and refinancing risk 
Liquidity and refinancing risk is defined as the risk that financing possibilities will be limited when loans must be 
refinanced, and that payment commitments cannot be met as a result of insufficient liquidity. If refinancing of 
short-term borrowings and the guaranteed credit facilities is not possible, or the cost of refinancing when they fall 
due is high, this may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Credit risk 
The Group's commercial and financial transactions give rise to credit risk in relation to the Group's counterparties. 
Credit risk is the risk of losses if the counterparty to an agreement does not fulfil its commitments. Group 
companies have entered into agreements with the banks that it has outstanding derivatives contract with on such 
matters as the right to offset receivables and liabilities that arise from these financial transactions, so-called ISDA 
agreements. This means that the Group's counterparty exposure to the financial sector is limited to the unrealised 
positive results that arise in derivative agreements. On the other hand, Group companies are exposed to the credit 
risk associated with outstanding trade receivables from ongoing sales. Credit risk is diversified over a large number 
of customers in all business areas and satisfactorily reflects the spread of sales. If weak financial situations lead to 
customers not paying their payables to the Group this may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
UK-#759376029v1 
Raw materials price exposure 
The Group's ability to pass on increases in the cost of raw materials and energy to its customers may be limited 
and thus such cost increases could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial 
performance. The Group's operations give rise to risks due to changes in the price of market-quoted raw materials 
and electricity. Prices can vary significantly during a year and the price risk associated with these is partially 
hedged through the signing of financial contracts. If the market does not permit a transfer of the effects of changing 
raw-material prices into the end-price of the products this may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. More generally, various parts of the world, including key 
markets in which the Group operates, are experiencing high levels of inflation. There can be no assurance that the 
Group will not be exposed to significant price increases for key raw materials or other production-related costs 
which it may not be able to pass on to consumers. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results 
of operations. 
Provision for pensions and similar obligations 
The Group has comprehensive pension plans for its employees in all countries in which it operates. The pension 
provisions vary depending on legislation and local agreements. The largest funded pension plans are found in 
Finland, Germany, Sweden, Canada, the United Kingdom and the US. The main risks associated with the Group's 
pension obligations are: interest rate fluctuations; capital market volatility; inflation assumptions; and changes in 
life expectancy. Since the duration of the liabilities differs from the duration of the interest-bearing assets, the 
Group is exposed to interest rate fluctuations, both when discounting the liability but also as market values change 
in the bond portfolio. Furthermore, calculating pension and similar obligations requires management to make 
assumptions on discount rates, expected return on plan assets, inflation and rate of compensation increase, which 
may not match actual outcomes. If the Group's pension liabilities exceed its assets, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's financial condition. 
 
Insurance risk 
While the Group currently maintains insurance covering, among others things, property damage, business 
interruption and product and general liability in amounts believed to be consistent with industry practices, it is not 
fully insured against all risks, and insurance against all types of risks and catastrophic events may not be available 
on reasonable economic terms or at all. Insurable risks are continuously evaluated and actions are taken to reduce 
these insurable risks. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that it carries, the Group may face accidents that 
cause losses in excess of limits specified under the relevant policy or is subject to material deductibles or self-
insured retentions. In addition, the Group could be exposed to accidents arising from events not covered by 
insurance policies, which are inherently unpredictable in terms of both their occurrence and severity. Such events 
include natural catastrophic events such as hailstorms, windstorms, severe winter weather, droughts, floods, 
lightning, thunderstorms and storm surges.  
 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
 
Changes in the regulatory landscape of the countries where the Group operates may affect the Group's penetration 
of international markets  
The Group operates in diverse markets, which are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties. This 
presents risk in terms of changes in foreign trade policy and trade barriers (including tariffs, and price or exchange 
controls), as well as governments or international bodies imposing sanctions on countries, goods and services, or 
persons which may impede the Issuer's ability to do business. As a global company there can be no assurances that 
the Issuer will be able to adapt its operations to comply with such disruptions in the markets in which it operates 
or that it will be able to successfully manage conflicting regulations. Failure to manage any of the above risks 
effectively could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Changes in regulatory requirements or other governmental policies in the countries in which it conducts business 
may also result in risks, such as: (i) effective legal redress in the courts of such jurisdictions, whether in respect of 
a breach of law or regulation or in an ownership dispute, being more difficult to obtain; (ii) a higher degree of 
discretion on the part of governmental authorities; (iii) the lack of judicial or administrative guidance on 
interpreting applicable rules and regulations; (iv) inconsistencies or conflicts between and within various laws, 
regulations and decrees; or (v) relative inexperience of the judiciary and courts in such matters, all of which could 
lead to greater uncertainty, and increased time and cost, when seeking legal redress and conducting business. Also, 
the protection of intellectual property rights may be less developed and less strictly enforced in these countries.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
UK-#759376029v1 
There can be no assurance that the Group's licences, licence applications or other legal arrangements of the 
effectiveness of the enforcement thereof will not be adversely affected by the actions of government authorities or 
others. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal environment in certain regions could limit the Group's ability to 
enforce its rights under contracts or otherwise. 
Compliance and other regulatory implications 
Should there be any non-compliance by any member of the Group or any director, officer, employee or agent of 
any member of the Group, or anyone acting on its behalf with applicable laws and regulations, including but not 
limited to bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, sanctions, competition, trade, data privacy and health 
and safety laws and regulations, there may be legal consequences and it may weaken the Group's financial position 
and/or tarnish the Group's reputation, which may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
 
Environmental compliance 
Like most industrial companies, the Group affects the environment in its production processes through the use of 
natural resources and the generation of emissions and wastes, in the distribution of, as well as in the use and final 
disposal of its products. Compliance with environmental requirements is a significant factor in its operations, and 
substantial resources are required to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and 
to manage environmental risks. The Group is subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, 
particularly in relation to air emissions, waste management and the protection of natural resources. These laws and 
regulations, the violations of which can lead to substantial fines, injunctions or criminal penalties, have generally 
become stricter in recent years and may in the future become more stringent and the cost of complying with future 
changes may be substantial. In addition, the Group could also become subject to liabilities and claims relating to 
personal injury (including exposure to substances used in its production), property damage or damage to natural 
resources. 
Although the Issuer believes that the Group is in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, 
substantial environmental costs and liabilities are inherent in industrial operations and there can be no assurance 
that substantial costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future or that the adoption of increasingly strict 
environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies could not result in increased costs and liabilities in the 
future. Any such costs and/or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Legal issues 
The Group is party to litigation related to its business operations in the ordinary course of business. The Issuer is 
also party to legal and administrative proceedings related to its responsibility for products, environment, health 
and safety. There is currently no litigation in relation to the Group which may have a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Group. However, there can be no assurance that the Group will not be 
subject to legal disputes in the future which may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the internal control of the Issuer 
IT risk  
The Group's operations in research and development, production, distribution, marketing and administration are 
dependent on a large number of complex IT-systems and solutions. Routines and procedures are implemented to 
protect hardware, software and information from being damaged, manipulated, lost or misused. A major break-
down of these systems with loss of information may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Lack of retention of skilled employees may affect the Group's business 
The success of the Group's business depends in large part on the ability to attract and retain key management and 
operating personnel. The Group's future growth and ultimately its success depends on its ability to hire and retain 
qualified personnel with the level of expertise, knowledge of its products or industry necessary to conduct its 
operations. Given that the Group constantly needs to introduce new or enhanced products, it is important that it is 
able to attract people with sufficient expertise in its product areas, particularly its research and development 
functions. In addition, the Group continuously monitors its need for people and considers whether it should

--- Page 18 ---
18 
UK-#759376029v1 
outsource certain parts of its non-core manufacturing in order to ensure it can fulfil its customers' orders. If the 
Group fails to monitor its need for employees or if it fails to continue to attract and retain highly qualified 
management and other skilled employees on acceptable terms it may not be able to sustain or further develop parts 
of its business which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Success of the Group depends on protection of intellectual property rights 
The protection of the Group's intellectual property is important to its business. The Issuer cannot give any 
assurance that its competitors do not seek to utilise the Group's patents, trademarks and logos when it markets its 
products thereby infringing or challenging the Group's intellectual property rights. In addition, existing laws of 
certain countries in which the Group conducts its business may offer only limited protection of its intellectual 
property rights, if at all. If the Group's intellectual property and in particular its registered patents and trademarks 
cannot be protected, for whatever reason, the Group's business could be materially and adversely affected. 
Property and product liability insurance 
The Group has the customary insurance programmes with respect to the Group's property and product liability 
risks. As a natural part of the Group's different activities, measures to limit the effects of damage are continually 
taken, often in co-operation with the Group's external insurance advisors. In such context, standards for desired 
safeguard levels are established in order to reduce the probability of material damages and to guarantee deliveries 
to customers. While the Group holds property, including business interruption, and product liability insurance in 
amounts the Issuer believes to be appropriate, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to fully recover 
such amounts or that recovered amounts will be sufficient to cover the Group's losses. Any such losses could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Work stoppages or strikes could adversely affect the Group's business 
Many of the Group's employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that it will not encounter strikes or other disturbances occasioned by its unionised labour force, or that, 
upon the expiration of existing agreements; it will be able to reach new collective bargaining agreements on 
satisfactory terms or without work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. 
Non-satisfactory terms on any bargaining agreements could cause the Group's labour costs to increase, which 
would affect its profit margins negatively. In addition, it is required to consult and seek the advice of its employee 
works' council in respect of a broad range of matters, which could delay or prevent the completion of certain 
corporate transactions. While the Group has not experienced any major work stoppages in recent years and expects 
its current industrial processes to proceed uninterrupted, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Group 
will not experience lengthy consultations with employees or even strikes, work stoppages or other industrial 
actions in the future. Any industrial action could disrupt its operations, possibly for a significant period of time, 
and result in increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Safety risk, if materialised, could result in a liability for the Group and significantly harm the Group's reputation 
Safety risks include safety, security and health risks incorporated into occupational health and safety-related risks, 
personnel security risks, environmental risks, product liability and product safety risks, catastrophe risks (for 
example fire, explosion and natural phenomenon risks) and premise security and material risks. The Group has 
taken precautions against safety risks through a wide range of health and safety initiatives, including, targeted 
injury prevention campaigns, occupational health and safety policy and guidelines, certification principles, safety 
meetings, rescue planning and premises and information security instructions. The Group monitors health and 
safety performance at every location in which it operates.  
The Group is responsible for its products and services as well as compliance with global, national and customer 
related laws, regulations and requirements. During the construction, delivery and operation of plants and 
equipment, environmental damage or personal injuries may occur, and proceedings arising from such accidents 
may result in the Group being named defendant in lawsuits asserting potentially large claims or a series of smaller 
claims, including corporate fines. Severe damage to health, the environment or property or disruption in production 
could also be caused by accidents on sites to which the Group has delivered equipment or services.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
UK-#759376029v1 
The occurrence of any such risks could delay production, cause business interruptions, increase production costs, 
result in an occupational accident or casualty, cause damage to staff, property or the environment and result in 
liability for the Group and significantly harm the Group's reputation. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes may be subject to redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event. 
The proceeds of certain Notes issued under the Programme may be used to finance the acquisition of an Acquisition 
Target as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Condition 10(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) includes a redemption feature which, if selected as applicable 
in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes, will allow such Notes to be redeemed by the Issuer (on either an optional 
or mandatory basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event 
(namely that the Issuer: (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target by the Special 
Redemption Longstop Date; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target, as further described in Condition 10(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) and the applicable Final Terms). 
If the Notes are redeemed following the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, Noteholders may not obtain 
their expected return on such Notes and may not be able to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption in an 
investment that results in a comparable return. If a Special Redemption Event does not occur then Noteholders 
shall not have any right to require the redemption of their Notes and nor will any such right arise if, between the 
issue date of the Notes and the acquisition of the Acquisition Target, the Group or the Acquisition Target 
experiences any changes in its business or financial condition or if the terms of the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target change. Whether or not the special redemption provision is ultimately triggered, it may adversely affect 
trading prices during the Special Optional Redemption Period for the Notes that include a Special Redemption 
Event Call. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR and/or certain benchmarks may affect the value or payment of 
interest under the Programme, including where EURIBOR may not be available  
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
UK-#759376029v1 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain 
"benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement-Independent Adviser)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest 
rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to 
the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return 
on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark such as 
EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) 
becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), 
as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series 
of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) 
in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 21 ---
21 
UK-#759376029v1 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption 
of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-
free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For example, 
since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
UK-#759376029v1 
a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) or 
€STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates 
and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes. In particular, an investor 
might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Exempt Notes and may lose a portion of 
or the entire principal amount invested by it. 
 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors (each, 
a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest payable in one or 
more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Exempt Notes are denominated. Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
 
(i) 
the market price of such Exempt Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Exempt Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater 
the effect on yield. 
The historical performance of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Exempt Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Exempt Notes 
linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Exempt Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Exempt Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
UK-#759376029v1 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Notes 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the 
market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of 
the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to the official list and trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market there can be no 
assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that 
an active trading market will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. In addition, the ability of the Dealers 
to make a market in the Notes (if applicable)f may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable 
to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the Notes. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Modifications and waivers  
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement) certain changes may be made to the 
interest calculation of Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than 
a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of their holding 
(provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), 
however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
UK-#759376029v1 
Because the Global Notes and Global Note Certificates are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, holders of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Bearer Notes or Global Registered 
Notes (together the "Global Notes") or Global Note Certificates (as the case may be). Such Global Notes or Global 
Note Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or 
Global Note Certificate, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or, in the case of 
Global Registered Notes, Global Note Certificates, Individual Note Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will respectively maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes and the Global Note 
Certificates, as the case may be. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note 
Certificates, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Note Certificates the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for distribution to 
their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate must rely on 
the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, to receive payments under 
the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificate. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right to vote 
in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Notes Certificates will not have a direct 
right under the Global Notes or Global Note Certificates, as the case may be, to take enforcement action against 
the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed 
of Covenant. 
In certain instances, the relevant Issuer could substitute the obligor under the Notes without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders  
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute itself in respect 
of all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with a Substitute (as defined in Condition 
19). Any such substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions which include, 
among other things that where the Substitute is not Sandvik AB (publ), the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, and the Coupons shall be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by Sandvik AB (publ). The substitution of the relevant Issuer under the Notes could 
have an adverse effect on Noteholders. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date 
of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by 
it. 
No obligation to maintain listing 
 
If at any time (a) the Issuer is unable to maintain any listing, trading and/or quotation of Notes or (b) it is 
impracticable or unduly onerous to maintain such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation or (c) as a result 
of legislation relating to publication of financial information, the Issuer could be required to publish financial 
information either more regularly than, or according to accounting principles which are materially different from 
that, it would otherwise be subject to or use, respectively, the Issuer may, using its best endeavours, seek an 
alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of such Notes by another listing authority, securities 
exchange and/or quotation system that it deems appropriate (including a market which is not a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive or a market outside of the EEA). However, if 
such alternative listing is not available or is unduly onerous, the Notes may be delisted and an alternative listing 
may not be obtained.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
UK-#759376029v1 
Although there is no assurance as to the liquidity of any Notes as a result of the admission to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, delisting such Notes may have a 
material effect on the ability of an investor to (a) continue to hold such Notes, (b) resell the Notes in the secondary 
market and may affect the market value of the Notes or (c) use them as eligible collateral. 
 
Risks related to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
 
Notes denominated in CNY ("CNY Notes") may be issued under the Programme. CNY Notes contain particular 
risks for potential investors. 
There are regulations on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the 
liquidity of the Notes. 
The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the 
euro. However, there has been significant reduction in regulation by the PRC government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent 
routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-
case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from time to time to match the 
policies of the PRC government. 
 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBOC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC government will liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will 
not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation 
pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC 
Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under CNY 
Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes 
and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such CNY Notes 
As a result of the regulations on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
is limited. While the PBOC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of 
Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited 
to Hong Kong, Singapore and London, has established the Cross Border Inter-Bank Payments System to facilitate 
cross border Renminbi settlement and is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement 
mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the 
PRC is limited. 
There are regulations imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC, although the PBOC 
has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale 
of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC 
for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not 
obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above 
channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not 
be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have 
the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
UK-#759376029v1 
PRC may affect the liquidity of its CNY Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service its CNY Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi 
on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in CNY Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the euro and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected 
by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBOC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily midpoint against the 
U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily midpoint. This change and 
others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. 
Except in the limited circumstances as described in the Conditions, the Issuer will make all payments of interest 
and principal with respect to the CNY Notes in Renminbi. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in 
euro or other applicable foreign currency terms may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the euro or other applicable foreign currency, the value 
of a Noteholder's investment in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms will have declined. 
Investment in the CNY Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
CNY Notes when due, in whole or in part, in Renminbi in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) as a result of 
Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five nor more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment, 
in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of 
any such interest or principal amount otherwise payable in Renminbi, as the case may be. See also "Exchange rate 
risks and exchange controls" below.  
Payments with respect to the CNY Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the CNY Notes 
Holders of beneficial interests in the CNY Notes may be required to provide certifications and other information 
(including Renminbi account information) in order to allow such holder to receive payments in Renminbi in 
accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s). 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the CNY Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the CNY 
Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules and 
procedures of those clearing systems or (ii) for so long as the CNY Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules 
and regulations. Other than as described in the Conditions, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment in 
relation to CNY Notes by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the 
PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the CNY Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing 
rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of CNY Notes by non-PRC resident 
enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income 
tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income 
Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident 
enterprise Noteholder from the transfer of the CNY Notes but its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate 
to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident individual Noteholder from the transfer of CNY Notes.  
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of the CNY Notes by non-PRC 
resident enterprise or individual Noteholders would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and 
become subject to the EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply or enforce the 
PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and their respective implementation rules. 
According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, holders who

--- Page 27 ---
27 
UK-#759376029v1 
are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT 
on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes.  
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents Noteholders are required to 
pay PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of CNY Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holder resides that reduces or 
exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in the CNY Notes may be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited 
number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Specified Currency or the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Risks related to interest rates 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; 
and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Note. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
UK-#759376029v1 
Credit rating may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
UK-#759376029v1 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of 
the Issuer, in each case, in respect of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 set out 
on pages 67 to 114 and pages 137 to 140 of the Issuer's Annual Report for 2023 and pages 68 to 108 and 
pages 134 to 137 of the Issuer's Annual Report for 2022 respectively (available at: 
https://www.annualreport.sandvik/en/2023/_assets/downloads/entire-en-svk-ar23.pdf?h=ss9gZsjw and 
https://www.annualreport.sandvik/en/2022/servicepages/downloads/files/entire-en-svk-ar22.pdf 
respectively);  
 
Annual Report for 2023 
Annual Report for 2022 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement of the Group 
Page 68 
Page 69 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
of the Group 
Page 69 
Page 70 
Consolidated 
Changes 
in 
Equity of the Group 
Page 70 
Page 71 
Consolidated 
Cash 
Flow 
Statement of the Group 
Page 71 
Page 72 
Parent Company Income 
Statement  
Page 116 
Page 110 
Parent Company Balance 
Sheet 
Page 117 
Page 111 
Parent Company Changes in 
Equity 
Page 118 
Page 112 
Parent Company Cash Flow 
Statement 
Page 118 
Page 113 
Notes 
Pages 72 to 114; pages 119 to 
134 
Pages 73 to 108; pages 114 to 
131 
Independent 
Auditor's 
Report  
Pages 137 to 140 
Pages 134 to 137 
2. the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the nine months ended 
30 September 2024 set out on pages 13 to 22 of the Issuer's interim report for the Third Quarter of 2024 
(including 
the 
auditors' 
review 
report 
thereon) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.home.sandvik/siteassets/investors/reports--presentations/interim-reports/2024/interim-
report-q3-2024.pdf);  
 
 
Income Statement of the Group 
Page 13 
Balance Sheet of the Group 
Page 14 
Cash Flow Statement of the Group 
Page 15 
Income Statement of the Parent Company 
Page 16 
Balance Sheet of the Parent Company 
Page 16

--- Page 30 ---
30 
UK-#759376029v1 
Auditor's Review Report 
Page 23 
 
3. the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 77 of the base prospectus dated 28 October 2021 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available at 
https://www.home.sandvik/contentassets/e1b5c0a1b0944171a86573c7842e83ba/sandvik-2021-base-
prospectus.pdf.   
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at www.sandvik.com. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above that is not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any 
documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus contains some hyperlinks to websites; unless expressly stated above, the information on the 
websites does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF or any 
other competent authority.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
UK-#759376029v1 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes, the reasons 
for its issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms, in a Drawdown Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. Such 
information will be contained in the relevant Final Terms or in the relevant Pricing Supplement unless any of such 
information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series 
of Notes, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the subject of a Pricing 
Supplement, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented, as the case may be) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, that Pricing Supplement will for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, supplement, amend and/or replace this Base Prospectus (as supplemented, as the case may 
be) and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus(as supplemented, as the case may be). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms and the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Exempt Notes which is the subject of a Pricing Supplement are the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes that is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (a) by a 
single document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (b) by a 
registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes and, if applicable, a summary note.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
UK-#759376029v1 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in Temporary Global Note form, without interest coupons, or a 
Permanent Global Note form, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time 
the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the 
NGN form is used.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does nor necessarily mean that 
the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or the Global Note represents Global 
Registered Notes held under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS"), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
be notified by or on behalf of the Issuer whether or not each such Global Note is intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their 
life as such recognition depends upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. Furthermore, any indication that the Global Notes are not intended to be so held may be the case at the date 
of the relevant Final Terms. However, should the Notes be recognised as eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations or should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper. Similarly, this would not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 
365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes (the "Exchange Date") upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
UK-#759376029v1 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of 
final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange; 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of 
an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) 
above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, 
then if (a) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is 
available or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
The exchange upon notice or at any time described above should not be expressed to be applicable if the relevant 
Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more integral multiples 
of another smaller amount in excess thereof. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
UK-#759376029v1 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or 
(b) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, 
then if (a) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is 
available or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
UK-#759376029v1 
The exchange upon notice or at any time described above should not be expressed to be applicable if the relevant 
Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum specified denomination plus one or more integral multiples 
of another smaller amount in excess thereof. 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions 
or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment 
in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the 
due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Rights under the Deed of Covenant  
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been 
the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning U.S. persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any U.S. person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the U.S. income tax laws, including 
the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered 
Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution

--- Page 36 ---
36 
UK-#759376029v1 
of the custody arrangement for international debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", 
the ECB announced that it had assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes 
which the Clearing Systems had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under 
the NSS would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the Eurosystem, subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. 
The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the NSS is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their 
life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the 
case of a Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. If the relevant Final Terms specifies 
the form of Notes as being Individual Note Certificates, then the Notes will at all times be represented by Individual 
Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Note, 
then if (a) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is 
available or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within 15 days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global Registered 
Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates 
(including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note 
Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of 
the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes 
scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed 
in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either

--- Page 37 ---
37 
UK-#759376029v1 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been 
made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Global Registered Notes held under the NSS allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner 
which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem's monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Furthermore, any 
indication that the Global Registered Notes are not intended to be so held may be the case at the date of the relevant 
Final Terms. However, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safekeeper. Similarly, this would not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.  
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Swedish Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Swedish Registered Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the SFIA Act. No global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a 
Swedish Registered Note will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such Note maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is 
so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Registered Note. 
Title to Swedish Registered Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of Euroclear Sweden, perfected 
in accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
UK-#759376029v1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" 
below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes.  
(b) 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") or, in the case of Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published ("Exempt 
Notes"), a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which completes, supplements, amends and/or 
replaces these Conditions. In the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes that is the subject of a Pricing 
Supplement, each reference to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms or 
these Conditions being completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or these Conditions 
being completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement unless the 
context requires otherwise. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Bearer Notes and the Registered Notes (both as defined below) are the subject of 
an issue and paying agency agreement dated 27 October 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the 
Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe plc as 
registrar (the "Registrar") and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions, references to the "Agents" 
are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Swedish Agency Agreement: The Swedish Registered Notes are the subject of an agreement between the 
Issuer and the Swedish Issuing Agent to be entered into by the Issuer on or prior to the date the first 
Swedish Registered Notes are issued, pursuant to which the Issuer will appoint the Swedish Issuing Agent 
(the "Swedish Agency Agreement"). The Swedish Agency Agreement will include provisions for 
meetings of Noteholders in respect of Swedish Registered Notes. The Issuer will furthermore enter into 
agreements with the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation, Euroclear Sweden 
AB ("Euroclear Sweden"), applicable to a relevant issue of Swedish Registered Notes, which will set out 
the terms and conditions for connecting any Swedish Registered Notes to the Swedish clearing and 
settlement system maintained by Euroclear Sweden (each, a "Euroclear Sweden Agreement"). 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form 
("Registered Notes") or in registered form in accordance with the SFIA Act ("Swedish Registered 
Notes"). The Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 27 October 2022 (the "Deed 
of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(f) 
The Notes: Unless specified otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are both 
to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and the Exempt Notes which are subject to 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing by 
Noteholders at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below or may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following its prior written request to the Fiscal Agent. Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Exempt Notes upon production of evidence 
satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer as to the identity of such holder. Unless specified otherwise,

--- Page 39 ---
39 
UK-#759376029v1 
reference to the "Final Terms" and the "relevant Final Terms" shall include the "Pricing Supplement" or 
the "relevant Pricing Supplement". 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are a summary of the Agency Agreement, the Swedish 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of 
the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Swedish Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant 
applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection by Noteholders at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice 
at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below or may be provided by email to a Noteholder or Couponholder following its prior written request 
to the Paying Agent, in each case upon provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory 
to the Paying Agent). A copy of the Swedish Agency Agreement will be available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Swedish Issuing Agent. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Hong Kong and on which commercial banks in Hong 
Kong are open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments; 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre;  
(iv) 
in relation to Swedish Registered Notes, the meaning ascribed to such term by the then applicable 
rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden; and 
(v) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms, 
any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New 
York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date;  
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in the CNY Settlement Centre(s); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining 
the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency and of a comparable 
remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 or Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
UK-#759376029v1 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or any substitute 
agent; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or determined in accordance with these Conditions; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thompson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to

--- Page 43 ---
43 
UK-#759376029v1 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"Euroclear Sweden" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositary and Clearing Organisation 
Euroclear Sweden AB, incorporated in Sweden with Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
"Euroclear Sweden Register" means in respect of Swedish Registered Notes the computerised register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden for the Issuer consisting of accounts for the holders of financial 
instruments registered pursuant to the SFIA Act; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant 
CNY Settlement Centre; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 
4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 1998, as updated on 15 
January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, 
a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes), in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes) and, in the case of 
Swedish Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(e) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Swedish Registered Notes); 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre 
becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy 
its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined by 
the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two CNY 
Dealers; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
UK-#759376029v1 
regulation is enacted after the first Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes 
are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Associations, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but shall 
never be less than zero, including any relevant margin;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre or from an account inside the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre to an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; and 
(C) 
in the case of any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) and on 
which commercial banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments; 
 
"Permitted Security Interest" means:  
(i) 
any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of any Subsidiary acquired, provided 
that such Security Interest: 
(A) 
was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a member of the Group;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
UK-#759376029v1 
(B) 
was not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person 
becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be; 
(C) 
shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary; 
and 
(D) 
shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the 
date such Person becomes a Subsidiary,  
or securing any refinancing of such Relevant Indebtedness, provided that any extensions, 
modifications, renewals and replacements thereof increase neither the principal amount nor the 
Security Interest thereof; and 
(ii) 
Security Interests arising from any Project Finance Debt. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
in relation to U.S. dollars, it means New York City;  
(iv) 
in relation to Swedish krona, it means Stockholm; and 
(v) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means the CNY Settlement Centre(s); 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time, any Subsidiary (i) whose total assets, consolidated in the case 
of a Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries (to the extent attributable to the consolidated total assets of 
the Group), as shown by its latest audited balance sheet, represent ten per cent. or more of the consolidated 
total assets of the Group, as shown by the latest published audited consolidated balance sheet of the Group, 
or (ii) to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary (and which transferee 
Subsidiary the Issuer determines will be a Principal Subsidiary following such transfer); 
"Project Finance Debt" means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for the purposes 
of financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development 
of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to 
the applicable project borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the 
purpose of the relevant project) and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereto) or any other similar 
non-recourse indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date 
of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the extent 
that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant Reference 
Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR / STIBOR / SONIA / SONIA Compounded Index / SOFR / SOFR 
Compounded Index / €STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes 
for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference 
Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 7(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a 
Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rates; 
"Registrar" means, in relation to any series of Registered Notes, Citibank Europe plc (which includes 
any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Registered Notes) or in respect 
of any Series of Swedish Registered Notes, Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the SFIA Act;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent or in respect of Swedish Registered Notes, if the full amount payable has not been made 
available to Euroclear Sweden, on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having 
been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt securities which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Call Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to the next Par Call Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to (a) change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on 
redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment, (b) effect the exchange or substitution of the 
Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer 
or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed, (c) change the currency of any payment 
under the Notes, (d) change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution or (e) amend the definition hereof. (For the avoidance of doubt, a proposal 
to change the method of calculating the amount of any interest payment arising from the discontinuation 
of an interest rate benchmark used to determine the amount of a payment in respect of the Notes shall not 
be a Reserved Matter); 
"CNY Settlement Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no CNY Settlement Centre is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
UK-#759376029v1 
"SFIA Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement or in relation to Swedish Registered 
Notes, the Swedish Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Spot Rate" means the spot/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in 
the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Calculation 
Business Days, as determined by the Fiscal Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate 
Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such 
rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither 
rate is available, the Fiscal Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) 
on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available Renminbi/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate; 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"STIBOR" means Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary company or corporation (the First Company) of another company or 
corporation (the Holding Company), where: 
(i) 
the First Company is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Holding Company; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of the First Company is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Holding Company; or 
(iii) 
the First Company is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the Holding Company, 
and, for the purpose of this definition, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by 
another if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition 
of its board of directors or equivalent body; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; or (ii) any jurisdiction under the laws of which the Issuer or any successor to the 
Issuer is organised or in which it is resident for tax purposes; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate 
for the relevant Rate Calculation Date; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
UK-#759376029v1 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being outstanding shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement or in respect of Swedish Registered Notes, the relevant Euroclear Sweden Agreement 
or Swedish Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is not applicable then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
as Swedish Registered Notes are in dematerialised form, any reference in those Conditions to 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall not apply to Swedish Registered Notes;  
(ix) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(x) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified 
Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination.  
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes and Swedish Registered Notes: Registered Notes and Swedish Registered Notes are in 
the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, "Holder" 
means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
UK-#759376029v1 
(e) 
Title to Swedish Registered Notes: The holder of a Swedish Registered Note will be the person appearing 
as such in the Euroclear Sweden Register. In the case of Swedish Registered Notes the term "Holder" 
shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so 
evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Registered Notes.  
(f) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. This 
Note may be a fixed rate note ("Fixed Rate Note"), a floating rate note ("Floating Rate Note"), a Zero 
Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(g) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to Conditions 3(k) (Closed periods) and 3(l) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the 
relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(h) 
Transfers of Swedish Registered Notes: Title to Swedish Registered Notes will pass by transfer in the 
register that the Issuer will procure to be kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. Where a 
nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Swedish Registered Notes. 
(i) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(g) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(j) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this 
Condition 3(j) (No charge) do not apply to Swedish Registered Notes. 
(k) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. No Holder of 
Swedish Registered Notes may require the transfer of a Swedish Registered Note to be registered during 
a period which is the equivalent of any such closed period (if any) pursuant to the then applicable rules 
and procedures of Euroclear Sweden. 
(l) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. All transfers of Swedish Registered Notes 
are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Swedish Registered Notes and are subject to any other 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden. Euroclear Sweden's rules and regulations 
may be downloaded from its website: http://www.ncsd.eu.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
UK-#759376029v1 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application.  
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or any 
Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries without (a) at the 
same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other 
security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount (and Broken Amount): The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar-denominated Notes: In the case of Renminbi or Hong Kong dollar-
denominated Notes: 
(i) 
where (x) there is not a numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, either for payment purposes only or, if Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms, for payment and interest accrual purposes, in 
accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention; and 
(ii) 
if Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will cause each Interest Amount for each fixed Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed

--- Page 53 ---
53 
UK-#759376029v1 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, and to be published in accordance 
with Condition 20 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the fixed Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e)(ii), the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR (as 
defined below) or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer) determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
UK-#759376029v1 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity if applicable is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the 
meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions;  
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer) 
determines appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business

--- Page 55 ---
55 
UK-#759376029v1 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 56 ---
56 
UK-#759376029v1 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.0001: 
 
 
 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which

--- Page 57 ---
57 
UK-#759376029v1 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms; 
the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days 
on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under (A). 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the 
Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(v) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, provided that in 
any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required

--- Page 58 ---
58 
UK-#759376029v1 
to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations 
from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) 
which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer 
or its designee. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, 
the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes 
one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by 
the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under 
Condition 7(f)(iii) below will apply.  
 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
 
 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 59 ---
59 
UK-#759376029v1 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iii) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
UK-#759376029v1 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
if made by the Issuer, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer;  
(iii)  
if made by the Issuer's designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and the 
designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer 
objects; and  
(iv)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
Any determination, decision or election pursuant to this section not made by the Issuer's designee 
will be made by the Issuer on the basis as described above. The designee shall have no liability 
for not making any such determination, decision or election absent bad faith or fraud. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that 
if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and 
(B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
UK-#759376029v1 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
UK-#759376029v1 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(f)(iii) above 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 7(f); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(f), the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
UK-#759376029v1 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where: 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time 
specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the 
European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i"; or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
UK-#759376029v1 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i"  
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from, and including, such TARGET 
Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
(and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any Rate 
of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii)(g) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be 
determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate 
in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first 
preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by 
the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(ii)(g), 
the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Index 
Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
UK-#759376029v1 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the day on which the relevant Compounded Index 
Start is determined to, but excluding, the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); and  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall 
be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 (London 
time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New York time) 
by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either 
on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as 
applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been 
specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for 
the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be 
the same as the Relevant Number of Index Days specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in good faith and 
in its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark

--- Page 66 ---
66 
UK-#759376029v1 
Replacement (Independent Adviser) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of 
SOFR, the provisions of Condition 7(f)(iv) shall apply.  
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination.  
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach 
to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during 
which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 7(e) 
(Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(f) (Interest Floating 
Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(g) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(h) (Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR 
Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the 
date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to 
the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(iv)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination

--- Page 67 ---
67 
UK-#759376029v1 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) and the Fiscal 
Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this 
Condition 7(n)(i) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period 
may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)). 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(n)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant 
Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting 
the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation 
Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 7(n)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may require in order to give 
effect to this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
UK-#759376029v1 
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser); and  
(B)  
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is to implement the relevant 
Benchmark Amendments.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference

--- Page 69 ---
69 
UK-#759376029v1 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but

--- Page 70 ---
70 
UK-#759376029v1 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
9. 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes with a floating rate of interest where the relevant Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR or STIBOR, 
the rate of interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
Exempt Notes may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an index-linked or 
other variable linked note, a dual currency note, an instalment note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, or such other type of Note as provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
UK-#759376029v1 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (or in the case of Swedish Registered Notes to the Swedish Issuing Agent) (A) a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (the "Call Option Notice"). Any redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Call 
Option Notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more 
conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer. All Notes in respect of which a Call Option 
Notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in the Call Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition. The Call Option Notice shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice) on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the amount applicable 
to such Optional Redemption Date (Call) as specified in the relevant Final Terms (together with accrued 
interest to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) being: 
(i)  
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of such Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the principal amount 
outstanding of such Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the 
Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity 
(or, if applicable, to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is 
equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of such Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the principal amount outstanding of 
such Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if 
applicable), at which the yield for the Remaining Term of such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination 
Agent,  
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs 
on or after the Par Call Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make Whole 
Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call): If 
Special Redemption Event Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the Issuer (if the Basis of the Call is specified as being 
Mandatory in the applicable Final Terms) shall or (if the Basis of the Call is specified as being Optional 
in the applicable Final Terms) may give notice to the Noteholders to redeem the Notes then outstanding

--- Page 72 ---
72 
UK-#759376029v1 
in whole, but not in part, at the Special Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Such notice must be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) within 5 business 
days of the Special Redemption Event. The notice shall be irrevocable and must specify the date for 
redemption, being not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the date of the notice. 
In respect of such Notes where Special Redemption Event Call has been specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may (if the Basis of the Call is specified as being Optional in the 
applicable Final Terms) waive its option to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption 
Event despite having exercised such option to redeem pursuant to this Condition 10(d) by giving notice, 
in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), to the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable). On the date 
on which such notice is given this Condition 10(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) shall cease to be effective in respect only of the Notes 
specified in the Notice, and the Issuer will no longer have the right to redeem such Notes in connection 
with a Special Redemption Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition a "Special Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if 
the Issuer (directly or indirectly through any member of the Group): (i) has not completed and closed the 
acquisition of the acquisition target specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Acquisition Target") 
by the Special Redemption Longstop Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) has published 
an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target.  
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the then applicable rules 
and procedures of Euroclear Sweden and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers or, in the case of Swedish 
Registered Notes, otherwise specify the Notes or amounts of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears 
to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call: If "Clean-up Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if, at 
any time (other than following the redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant 
to Condition 20 (Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be 
deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining 
outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 
10(f) (Clean-up Call), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and certifying that the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes originally issued. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
UK-#759376029v1 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained 
in this Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the holder of a Note must, not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days (or such other period as specified in the relevant Final Terms) before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. In the case of Swedish Registered Notes, a Put Option Notice will 
not take effect against the Issuer before the date of which the relevant Swedish Registered Notes have 
been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer 
by such Swedish Issuing Agent (such date will be the first date of a Closed Period). No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(g) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the depositor of 
such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Swedish Registered Notes, the right to require redemption of 
such Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) must be 
exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden and where there is any 
inconsistency between the foregoing and the rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden, the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear Sweden shall prevail. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) above. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(i) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes so 
purchased may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them that are not held, reissued or resold shall be 
cancelled.  
11. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) is only applicable to Bearer Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
UK-#759376029v1 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the case of: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro, U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or at 
the option of the payee by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
payments in euro, by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. Dollars, by credit or transfer to a U.S. Dollar account outside the United 
States specified by the payee; and 
(iv) 
payments in Renminbi by credit or transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf 
of the payee with a bank in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in 
Renminbi in such CNY Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender 
of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
UK-#759376029v1 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 11(a) (Principal) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) (Unmatured 
Coupons void) is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(g) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(k) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments 
of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the CNY 
Settlement Centre, the Issuer may, on giving not less than five or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to 
the Holders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars 
on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 11(k) (Payment of U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Holders. 
12. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
Conditions 12(a) (Principal) to Condition 12(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) are only applicable 
to Registered Notes. Condition 12(h) (Payment - Swedish Registered Notes) is only applicable to Swedish 
Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be in the case of:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
UK-#759376029v1 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro, U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or at 
the option of the payee by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
payments in euro, by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. Dollars, by credit or transfer to a U.S. Dollar account outside the United 
States specified by the payee; and 
(iv) 
payments in Renminbi by credit or transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf 
of the payee with a bank in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in 
Renminbi in such CNY Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made in the manner described in Condition 12(a) (Principal) above 
and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due 
date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with 
this Condition 13 (Taxation) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments 
of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in the relevant 
CNY Settlement Centre, the Issuer may, on giving not less than five or more than 30 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Holders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in 
U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
UK-#759376029v1 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
Registered Notes represented by Note Certificates shall be made by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque 
drawn on a bank in New York City and mailed to the Holder of such Note Certificates at its address 
appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the Holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent before the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account with a bank in 
New York City. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 12(g) (Payment of U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Holders. 
(h) 
Payment - Swedish Registered Notes: Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Swedish 
Registered Notes shall be made to the persons shown as the Holders of Swedish Registered Notes on the 
fifth Business Day (or in accordance with the rules and procedure applied by Euroclear Sweden from time 
to time) before the due date for such payment, or such other Business Day falling closer to the due date 
as may be stipulated in the current rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden. Such day will be the Record 
Date in respect of Swedish Registered Notes. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is surrendered for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or Coupon would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon 
or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Tax 
Jurisdiction references in these Conditions to the Tax Jurisdiction shall be construed as references to the 
Tax Jurisdiction and/or such other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of 
interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 45 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
UK-#759376029v1 
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration of Issuer or Principal Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due and called 
upon or (as the case may be) within any applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness is declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity (otherwise than at the 
option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided that no 
event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness) 
as a result of a default thereunder (however described);  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due and called upon any amount 
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness as extended by any applicable grace 
period; or 
(iv) 
any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness is 
enforced;  
provided that no event referred to in this Condition 14(c) (Cross-Acceleration of Issuer or Principal 
Subsidiary) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness or other 
relative liability in respect of which any of the events mentioned in this Condition 14(c) have occurred 
and have not been satisfied exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and provided 
further that none of the events mentioned in this paragraph (c) shall constitute an Event of Default where 
they arise in respect of a recently acquired Principal Subsidiary as a direct result of such acquisition; or 
(d) 
Winding-up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary and in either case save where the action 
giving rise to such events is being contested in good faith and by all appropriate means (and save, in the 
case of the Issuer for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, or, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, for the purposes of a reorganisation of the Group 
whilst solvent); or 
(e) 
Cessation of Business and Insolvency: if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, (save, in the case of the Issuer for the 
purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or, in the case 
of a Principal Subsidiary, for the purposes of a reorganisation whilst the Group is solvent), or the Issuer 
or any Principal Subsidiary, stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, 
pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
Execution or Distress: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application 
is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, or, as the case may be, in relation to the 
whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (b) in any 
case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 45 days; or 
(g) 
Rescheduling: if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with any one or more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling 
of the indebtedness or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition 
with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or analogous 
effect to any of those events mentioned in Condition 14(d) to (g) above; or 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately (or, in the case of Swedish

--- Page 79 ---
79 
UK-#759376029v1 
Registered Notes, such later date on which the relevant Swedish Registered Notes have been transferred 
to the account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by such Swedish 
Issuing Agent) due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of 
Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Coupon or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Coupons or Note Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 16 (Replacement of Notes and Coupons) shall not apply to the 
Swedish Registered Notes. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that so long as the relevant Notes or Swedish 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent, a registrar in respect of Registered Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Swedish Registered Notes, which in the latter case shall be Euroclear 
Sweden;  
(b) 
in the case of the Swedish Registered Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Swedish 
Issuing Agent provided that such Swedish Issuing Agent is duly authorised by Euroclear Sweden;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
UK-#759376029v1 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders other than in respect of Swedish Registered Notes: The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more than half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing approved by or on behalf of not less than two-thirds of Noteholders of 
the outstanding aggregate amount of the Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Swedish Agency Agreement will contain provisions regarding meetings of Noteholders of Swedish 
Registered Notes. 
The Swedish Issuing Agent shall prior to and in connection with meetings of Noteholders, and otherwise 
as and when required to carry out its duties under these Conditions, be entitled to obtain information from 
the register of Noteholders kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the Swedish Registered Notes (Sw. 
skuldbok), provided that this is permitted under the rules of Euroclear Sweden. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
19. 
Substitution 
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons, Sandvik AB (publ) or a Subsidiary of Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Substitute") in the manner 
specified in the Agency Agreement, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is 
at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be 
substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if:  
(a) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if it had 
been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant on the same 
terms as the Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis;  
(b) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder, and 
Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's 
residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, 
Coupon or deed of covenant and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not 
been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, 
and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
UK-#759376029v1 
(c) where the Substitute is not Sandvik AB (publ), the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Agency Agreement, the deed of covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Sandvik AB (publ) substantially in the form of 
the guarantee contained in the Deed Poll;  
(d) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of Sandvik AB (publ) 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect;  
(e) the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an agent 
to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings (as defined in Condition 
24(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England)) in England; 
(f) each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to listing 
or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes will be able 
to be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(g) legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or firm 
of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above and in 
England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition 19 (Substitution) and 
the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; and  
(h) the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 
21 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, pending execution, 
the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or 
which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for 
inspection at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents below or may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following its prior written consent to the Paying Agent, in each case upon provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Paying Agent).  
References in Condition 14 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
21. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes, save in the case of Exempt Notes where another 
means of effective communication has been specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be valid 
if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer 
Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such

--- Page 82 ---
82 
UK-#759376029v1 
mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date 
of mailing. 
(c) 
Swedish Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Swedish Registered Notes shall be valid if sent by 
mail (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail to their registered addresses appearing in the Euroclear 
Sweden Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth Business Day after 
the day of which it was mailed. 
22. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the second currency) 
for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or 
judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against 
any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of 
exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency 
with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such 
order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
23. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 
0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and 
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law. In addition, the Swedish Registered Notes must comply with the SFIA 
Act. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England, sitting in London, have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a Dispute) arising from or connected with the Notes including a Dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 24(b) (English courts) is for 
the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, save in respect of the limited exception set out in Condition 
24(e) (Proceedings in respect of Swedish Registered Notes), nothing in this Condition 24 (Governing law 
and jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Proceedings in respect of Swedish Registered Notes: Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the 
operating procedures, rules and regulations of Euroclear Sweden (together, the Swedish Remedies),

--- Page 83 ---
83 
UK-#759376029v1 
Holders of Swedish Registered Notes may have remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-
performance under the Conditions applicable to such Swedish Registered Notes, a Swedish Registered 
Note Holder must first exhaust all available remedies under English law for non-payment or non-
performance before any Proceedings may be brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the 
Swedish Remedies. Notwithstanding Condition 24(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings 
outside England), and in this limited respect only, a Registered Holder of Swedish Registered Notes may 
therefore not take concurrent Proceedings in Sweden. 
(f) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Sandvik Limited at Manor Way, Halesowen, West Midlands, B62 8QZ or at any address of the Group's 
in Great Britain at which service of process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 
2006. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This Condition 24(f) (Service of Process) applies to Proceedings in England 
and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
UK-#759376029v1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be substantially in the following 
form and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")] [EU MiFID II] ; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
SANDVIK AB (PUBL) 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 5299008ZUAXN43LVZF54 
under the €5,000,000,000 [Euro Medium Term Note Programme]  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25] October 2024 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an 
earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 28 October 2021 Conditions (the 
"Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 25 October 2024. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [25] October 2024 [and 
the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 October 2021 and are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus.  This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus has been published [Issuer's/regulated market website]].  
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
[(iii)       Date on which Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with [⚫] on [⚫/the Issue 
Date/Exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 18[which is expected to occur on 
or about [⚫]]].] 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
1. 
 
[(i) 
Series Number:]  
[⚫] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
UK-#759376029v1 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [⚫]] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[⚫] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable]  
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[⚫][⚫] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded 
Index/€STR] 
 
 
[[⚫] +/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount.]  
 
10. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Special Redemption Event Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫] [and [⚫]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day purposes 
only in accordance with the Modified Business 
Day Convention] [adjusted for payment and 
interest accrual purposes in accordance with the 
Modified Business Day Convention]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest [CNY 0.01, CNY 
0.005] [HK$0.01, HK$0.005] being rounded 
upwards] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [⚫]] [Not Applicable]  
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/ Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
UK-#759376029v1 
[Actual/ 360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi)     Additional Business                   
             Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[⚫] [and [⚫]] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[[⚫] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year, [subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (v) below/not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below is specified as No 
Adjustment] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day Convention] [Floating Rate 
Convention] [No Adjustment]  
 
(vi) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[[⚫] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable]  
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[⚫] month]  
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR Compounded Index]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index 
Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[ ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number of 
Index Days 
[ ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, Relevant Number in 
the case of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be five and in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index shall be two) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]  
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one of:  CHF-
SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-

--- Page 89 ---
89 
UK-#759376029v1 
SOFR Compounded Index (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions).  
These are the options envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating Rate 
Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified in the ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
- Compounding  
 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
- Averaging 
 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 - Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 90 ---
90 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [[•] / 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using linear interpolation] 
[Specify for each short or long interest period]  
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [[•] per cent. per annum]  
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) ] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
13. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
14. 
Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
(ii)          Par Call Redemption 
Dates 
[⚫] (set out all Optional Redemption Dates including Par Call 
Redemption Dates)  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] [Any date from, and including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫].] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[In the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s)(Call) falling [on 
[⚫]]/[in the period from, and including, [date] to, but excluding, [date]] 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] 
[In the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call) falling [on 
[⚫]]/[in the period from, and including, [date] to, but excluding, [date]] 
[the Make Whole Redemption Price]  
[In the case of any Optional Redemption Date that is a Par Call 
Redemption Date, par.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
(iv)         Make-Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] [Non-Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Bond: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) Quotation Time:  
[⚫]  
 
(c) Redemption Margin: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(d) Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) Determination 
Agent: 
[⚫]  
 
(v) 
Special Redemption 
Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) (Consideration should be given by the Issuer as to whether 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus is required prior to the inclusion 
of the Special Redemption Event Call) 
 
(a) Basis of Call 
(b) Acquisition Target 
(c) Special Redemption 
Longstop Date 
(d) Special Redemption 
Amount 
(e) Special Redemption 
Optional 
Redemption Period:  
[Mandatory]/[Optional] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption  
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Clean-
up Call) 
[⚫] 
 
(viii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period : [⚫] days 
Maximum period : [⚫] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
A15, 4.7, B

--- Page 92 ---
92 
UK-#759376029v1 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.)  
15. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note: 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
16. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [Condition 10(i) applies] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
18. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:  
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [60] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on or after 
the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [60] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Global Registered Notes registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear Bank NA/SV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A., a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear Bank NA/SV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (that is, held under NSS)]] 
 
 
[Swedish Registered Notes 
 
 
Registrar: Euroclear Sweden 
 
 
Swedish Issuing Agent: [⚫]] 
19. 
(i) New Global Note: 
(ii) New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No]  
[Yes] [No] 
20. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
UK-#759376029v1 
21. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.][As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.]  
22. 
CNY Settlement Centre(s): 
[⚫] [Hong Kong] [Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[⚫] has been extracted from [⚫]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Sandvik AB (publ):  
 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
94 
UK-#759376029v1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[⚫].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on [the 
professional segment of] the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [⚫].] [Series 
[⚫] of the Notes is already admitted to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]  
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]: 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings)  
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
(text below relates to CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation – adjust as appropriate) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
UK-#759376029v1 
4. 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes for general corporate 
purposes.] / [ ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue 
of the Notes for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and 
related fees in respect of the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target[.][, although if the Special 
Redemption Event occurs but the Issuer elects 
not to exercise the Special Redemption Event 
Call, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes for general corporate 
purposes. (only if the Basis of the Call is 
specified as Optional)] 
5. 
 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
6. 
 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
i. ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
ii. Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
iii. Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ list name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
[Euroclear Sweden Identification number:]  
 
iv. Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
v. Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable]  
 
vi. Name of Swedish Issuing Agent (if any): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
vii. Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain (or, if located outside the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
UK-#759376029v1 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
viii. Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)][include this text for Registered 
Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)][include 
this text for Registered Notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
UK-#759376029v1 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, whatever the denomination of 
those notes, issued under the Programme will be substantially in the following form, duly supplemented, amended 
as necessary to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION FOR 
THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR 
REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT.  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") ; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in

--- Page 98 ---
98 
UK-#759376029v1 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫]  
SANDVIK AB (PUBL) 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of Notes 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the notes described in this Pricing Supplement (the "Notes") 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation and includes any relevant implementing measures in a relevant Member 
State of the EEA) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. [Terms used herein shall be 
deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus dated 
25 October 2024 and the supplement(s) to it dated [⚫] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer at Kungsbron 1, Section G, Floor 5, Box 510 Stockholm SE-101 30, Sweden, and at the registered 
office of the Paying Agent, Citibank N.A., London Branch, 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB United Kingdom.  
 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sandvik AB (publ) 
2. 
[(a)] 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
[(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫]] 
[(c)] 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [⚫] on [the Issue Date][exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [⚫] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[⚫] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[⚫] 
[(i) Series: 
[⚫]] 
[Insert total principal amount of outstanding 
Notes, including the Tranche which is the subject 
of this Pricing Supplement] 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[⚫]]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
UK-#759376029v1 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [⚫] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s):  
[⚫] [and integral multiples of [⚫] in excess 
thereof [up to and including [⚫]]]. No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [⚫]. 
 
[So long as the Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, 
the 
lowest 
Specified 
Denomination) and higher integral multiples of 
[⚫], notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes will 
be issued with denominations above [⚫].] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor][N.B. there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[⚫][⚫][EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded 
Index/€STR/Other (specify reference rate)]]] 
 
[+/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Other (specify)] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount.] 
[11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption Basis: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [Specify details of any 
provision for convertibility of Notes into another 
Interest and/or Redemption Basis] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Special Redemption Event Call] 
[Clean-up Call]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
UK-#759376029v1 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[⚫] [and [⚫]] in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date] [adjusted for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified 
Business Day Convention] [adjusted for payment 
and interest accrual purposes in accordance with 
the Modified Business Day Convention]  
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount 
shall 
be 
calculated 
by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and 
the Calculation Amount by the Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest [CNY 0.01, CNY 0.005] [HK$0.01, 
HK$0.005] being rounded upwards] [Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/ Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/ Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/ 360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
[Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
the Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
 
[[⚫] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Name and address of person 
responsible for calculating Basis 
of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
UK-#759376029v1 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Specify details][Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/not subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below 
as the Business Day Convention in (v) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [Other 
(specify)] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination] [Other (specify)] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[⚫] shall be the Calculation Agent/ Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[If not applicable, delete the remainder of 
this sub-paragraph (vi)] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[⚫] month]  
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR 
Compounded 
Index] 
[Other 
(specify, 
including any amendment to fallback 
provisions)] 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days 
/Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
• 
D: 
 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[ ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, be the fifth decimal place in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index) 
• 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[ ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, Relevant Number, in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index shall be five 
and in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index shall be two) 
• 
Interest 
Determination   
Date(s):  
[⚫] 
[The second day on which the TARGET 
System is open prior to start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR]  
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫]  
[In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR 01, ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend fallback 
provisions appropriately] 
• 
Relevant Time:  
[⚫] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[⚫] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-

--- Page 103 ---
103 
UK-#759376029v1 
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-
HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-
SOFR Compounded Index (each as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions).  These are the options 
envisaged by the Conditions) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant 
where the Floating Rate Option is a risk free 
rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as 
specified 
in 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-  Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[•] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business 
Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[•] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days

--- Page 104 ---
104 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: 
[•] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business Days 
• 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[•] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business 
Days: 
[[•] 
/ 
Not 
Applicable]] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable - the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
linear interpolation] [Specify for each short 
or long interest period] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[⚫]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
 
[30E/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest on 
Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
UK-#759376029v1 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Any other 
formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[⚫] 
16. 
Index-Linked 
Interest 
Note/other 
variable linked interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other variable: 
 
[give or annex details] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent or other party 
responsible for calculating the 
interest due: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculated by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula and/or other variable: 
[⚫] [need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(iv) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula and/or other variable is 
impossible or impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[⚫] 
(vii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates/Specified Periods: 
[⚫] 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
(x) 
Minimum 
Rate/Amount 
of 
Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum

--- Page 106 ---
106 
UK-#759376029v1 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate/Amount 
of 
Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[⚫] 
17. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent, or other 
party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[⚫](set out all Optional Redemption Dates 
including Par Call Redemption Dates) 
(ii) 
Par Call Redemption Dates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[⚫][Any date from, and including, [⚫] to, but 
excluding, [⚫].] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s)(Call) falling [on [⚫]]/[in the period 
from and including [date] but excluding 
[date]] [[⚫] per Calculation Amount] 
[In the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call) falling [on [⚫]]/[in the period 
from, and including, [date] to, but excluding, 
[date]] [the Make-Whole Redemption Price]  
[In the case of any Optional Redemption Date 
that is a Par Call Redemption Date, par.] 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption Price: 
[Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] 
[Make Whole Redemption Amount] [Non-
Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
UK-#759376029v1 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[⚫] 
(b) 
Quotation Time:  
[⚫]  
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[⚫] per cent. 
(d) 
Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
(e) 
Determination Agent: 
[⚫]  
 
(v) 
Special 
Redemption 
Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) (Consideration should be given by the Issuer as to 
whether a supplement to the Base Prospectus is required prior to the 
inclusion of the Special Redemption Event Call) 
 
(a) Basis of 
Call 
(b) Acquisiti
on 
Target 
(c) Special 
Redempt
ion 
Longsto
p Date 
(d) Special 
Redempt
ion 
Amount 
(e) Special 
Redempt
ion 
Optional 
Redempt
ion 
Period:  
[Mandatory]/[Optional] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Redeemable 
in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemptio
n  
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemptio
n Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) 
Clean-up 
Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
(a) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up 
Call) 
[⚫] 
 
(viii) 
Notice 
period: 
Minimum period : [⚫] days 
Maximum period : [⚫] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount [Other (specify)] 
[See Appendix] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Other 
(specify)] [See Appendix] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount][Condition 
10(i) 
applies] 
[Other 
(specify)] 
[See 
Appendix]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [60] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]  
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
[Definitive Notes on [⚫] days' notice]] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
[Definitive Notes on [60] days' notice/at any

--- Page 109 ---
109 
UK-#759376029v1 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
[Swedish Registered Notes 
Registrar: Euroclear Sweden 
Swedish Issuing Agent: [⚫]] 
23. 
(i) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(ii) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable][⚫] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/ No. If yes, give details] 
26. 
CNY Settlement Centre(s): 
[⚫] [Hong Kong] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment 
is 
to 
be 
made 
[and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on 
late payment]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable][Specify details] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Sandvik AB (publ): 
 
By:……………………………………… 
      Duly authorised

--- Page 110 ---
110 
UK-#759376029v1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
[⚫] and listing on [⚫] with effect from [⚫].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [⚫] and listing on [⚫] 
with effect from [⚫].] [Series [⚫] of the Notes 
is already admitted to [⚫] and to trading on the 
[⚫].] [Not Applicable] 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]:  
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings) 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [⚫]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
(text below relates to CRA established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation – adjust as appropriate) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation

--- Page 111 ---
111 
UK-#759376029v1 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
 
3. 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE]  
 
[⚫] 
4. 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes for general corporate 
purposes.] / [ ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue 
of the Notes for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and 
related fees in respect of the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target[.][, although if the Special 
Redemption Event occurs but the Issuer elects 
not to exercise the Special Redemption Event 
Call, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes for general corporate 
purposes. (only if the Basis of the Call is 
specified as Optional)] 
5. 
 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
6. 
 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
i. 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
 
ii. 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
iii. 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/⚫] 
[Euroclear Sweden Identification number:] 
 
iv. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
v. 
 Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
vi. 
 Name of Swedish Issuing Agent 
(if any): 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
vii. 
 Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
Registered Notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of this Pricing Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
8. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
UK-#759376029v1 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[⚫] 
[8. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE] 
 
 
[Costs and charges disclosure: 
[⚫]]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
UK-#759376029v1 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the 
Conditions to Noteholder are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, 
in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
to Noteholder are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a 
depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or, common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each, 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they 
apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon, will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be 
effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN or a 
Global Registered Note held in NSS, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(g) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. 
Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
UK-#759376029v1 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business 
Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is 
open for business. 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of Payment Business Day in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered Note is 
deposited with a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is Renminbi, any day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) and on which commercial 
banks in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments; or 
(c) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre (and if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial 
Centre, a TARGET Settlement Day). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Registered Note is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds 
in principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent") shall, for all purposes 
(including in respect of an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter to be passed), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether 
or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders 
in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Registered Note or, where 
the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from 
or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, 
whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries 
and provided that, in each case, the Issuer has obtained commercially reasonable evidence to 
ascertain the validity of such holding and has taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding 
does not alter following the giving of such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such

--- Page 116 ---
116 
UK-#759376029v1 
amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of Coupons, Talons and Receipts even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
As used in this paragraph, commercially reasonable evidence includes any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or 
issued by an accountholder or participant of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation 
to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or EasyWay or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's CreationOnline system or Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes 
is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
UK-#759376029v1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the Issuer's general corporate 
purposes. If in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Special Redemption Event Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Applicable", the use of 
proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms as being acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in 
whole or in part, and related fees in respect of the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. The Final Terms 
may also state the potential use for general corporate purposes or other purposes if the Special Redemption 
Event occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not to exercise the Special Redemption Event Call (if the Basis 
of the Call is specified as Optional).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
UK-#759376029v1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and development 
The Issuer was incorporated in 1897 under the laws of Sweden as a public limited liability company (publikt 
aktiebolag). The Issuer is registered at the Swedish Companies Registration Office with registration number 
556000-3468. The Issuer operates under the Swedish Companies Act (Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The 
Issuer's principal place of business is at Kungsbron 1, Section G, Floor 5, Box 510, Stockholm SE-101 30, 
Sweden and its telephone number is +46 (0) 26 26 00 00.  
The Issuer was founded in 1862 by Göran Fredrik Göransson, who pioneered the Bessemer method for 
industrial-scale steel production. The Issuer belongs to a high-technology, engineering group with advanced 
products in selected areas. The Group's business is based on unique expertise in materials technology, 
extensive knowledge about industrial processes and close customer cooperation. This combination, coupled 
with continuous investments in research and development (R&D), has enabled the Group to establish 
operations in the following areas:  
• 
Tools, tooling systems and solutions for industrial metal cutting, digital manufacturing, additive 
manufacturing and in-line metrology; 
• 
Equipment, tools, parts, service and technical solutions for the mining and construction industries; 
and 
• 
Equipment, tools, parts, service and solutions for processing rock and minerals for the mining and 
construction industries. 
The Group is organized into three business areas with responsibility for R&D, production and sales of their 
respective products and services. 
• 
Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions. The business area consists of two business 
area segments – Sandvik Machining Solutions and Sandvik Manufacturing Solutions. 
o 
Sandvik Machining Solutions provides tools, tooling systems and services that optimize 
machining operations such as turning, milling and drilling. Services include, for example, 
logistic solutions and productivity improvement programmes. The business area segment 
holds several market-leading brands for its metal-cutting offering which operate 
independently from each other. 
o 
Sandvik Manufacturing Solutions covers the areas of digital manufacturing and additive 
manufacturing. These are areas where Sandvik is uniquely positioned due to its extensive 
industrial experience and expertise in advanced materials, materials shaping and digital 
solutions. 
• 
Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions is a supplier in equipment and tools, parts, service and 
technical solutions for the mining and construction industries. Applications include rock drilling, 
rock cutting, loading and hauling, tunnelling and quarrying.  
• 
Sandvik Rock Processing Solutions is a supplier of equipment, tools, parts, service and solutions 
for processing rock and minerals in the mining and construction industries. Applications include 
crushing, screening, breaking and demolition. 
STRATEGY 
Throughout 2023, the Issuer continued its strategy for an increased focus on growth. In recent years the 
Issuer has divested underperforming and non-core businesses, decentralized the organization and become 
a more resilient company. From this platform, the Issuer will further increase the focus on growth, 
digitalization, sustainability and agility. The Issuer has adopted six strategic objectives, defining target 
achievements up until 2025.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
UK-#759376029v1 
Shift to Growth 
The Issuer has set an annual growth rate target of at least 7 per cent. through a business cycle on a fixed 
currency basis. In 2023, the Issuer achieved a total growth rate of 9 per cent. The Issuer’s long-term aim is 
to grow Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions, Sandvik Rock Processing Solutions by 10 per cent. and 
Sandvik Machining Solutions by 5 per cent. In 2023, the Issuer updated its target growth of Sandvik 
Manufacturing Solutions to SEK 4 billion in software revenue by 2025. 
The Issuer's acquisitions have strengthened the core business and helped expand into adjacent areas of 
customer value chains. The Issuer will also focus on improving its new sales ratio (i.e. sales from products 
launched in the last five years), with a target of 30 to 35 per cent. in 2025. In 2023, the new sales ratio was 
25 per cent. 
As part of its shift to growth, the Issuer has recently acquired eight companies, including PDQ Workholding 
LLC and separately a majority stake in Suzhou Ahno Precision Cutting Tool Technology Co., Ltd (see 
"Acquisitions and Divestments" below). 
Digital Shift 
 
The Issuer plans on expanding its software and digital offering with the objective of 70 per cent. of websites 
having modern enterprise resource planning platforms implemented of generating digital and software sales 
of SEK 6.5 billion by 2025, on a rolling 12 month basis. These will be introduced to enable a seamless 
business flow. Examples of the Issuer's digital shift include: 
 
• 
sales from software and digital offerings reaching SEK 4.9 billion in 2023; and 
• 
45 per cent. of sites now having implemented seamless flow platforms.  
Sustainability Shift 
 
In 2023, the Issuer updated its sustainability strategy, which provides the base for its ambitious 
sustainability agenda. The Issuer aims to, by 2030: 
 
• 
reduce scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 50 per cent.; and 
• 
reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 30 per cent., 
in both cases against the equivalent GHG emissions of 2019. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has committed to reduce absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 90 per 
cent. by 2040 and to be net-zero on GHG emissions for scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050. The majority of the 
Issuer's GHG emissions are in its value chain, with nearly 70 per cent. coming from the use of sold products 
while approximately 20 per cent. are from suppliers of the Issuer. The Issuer's targets for reducing GHG 
emissions have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. 
As part of its wider sustainability shift, the Issuer aims to, by 2030: 
 
• 
reduce the TRIFR by 50 per cent. in comparison to the baseline of 2016-2018 (the "Baseline"); 
and 
• 
increase the share of women in managerial roles to one third;  
• 
drive the shift to more circular business models and uses of resources by having at least 90 per 
cent. circularity in packaging, products and waste materials as well as require 90 per cent. 
circularity from key suppliers; and 
• 
continue its transparent choices with regards to sustainability and conduct business with customers 
and suppliers in an ethical manner across its operations. 
In 2023, the TRIFR decreased to 3.0 from 3.1 in 2022, representing a 21 per cent. decrease in comparison 
to the Baseline. In 2023, carbon emissions were increased by 1 per cent., representing a 23 per cent. decline 
in relation to the Baseline. Waste circularity amounted to 71 per cent., decreasing from 73 per cent. in 2022.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
UK-#759376029v1 
Customers' First Choice 
 
The Issuer wants to advance the way it measures and improves customer value and customer satisfaction 
and aims to be number one or two in the majority of the markets where it operates. In 2023, all divisions 
measured customer satisfaction through structured methods. The Issuer has supported small and medium-
sized customers in connecting equipment and creating a more efficient component manufacturing process. 
The Issuer is helping this customer group in digitalization, for example, with the “Lighthouse Program” 
which supports small and medium-sized manufacturers who in turn provide feedback on the Issuer’s digital 
processes and solutions. This provides a deep understanding of customer needs in order to offer relevant 
solutions and expertise in supporting customers’ digital journey. Through indirect channels, the Issuer is 
training partners to become more knowledge about available offerings to better solve customer problems 
and create a unique end-to-end customer offering in business segments like mining, planning and 
operations. 
 
Focusing on increased customer value, the Issuer launched a number of innovations and new products in 
2023, including:  
 
• 
UJ443E heavy jaw crusher, designed with an increased focus on sustainability, productivity and 
durability, the jaw crusher is designed for hard and abrasive rock applications and built upon a new 
fully electric track; 
• 
My Sandvik Onsite, a monitoring solution which transforms data from the Issuer’s iSeries surface 
drill rigs into actionable insights for productivity improvements; and 
• 
the new Sandvik Alpha™ 340 drilling tools for mining and tunnelling which use a new innovative 
asymmetric thread design, reducing stress in critical areas, boosting fatigue strength, while 
reducing costs per meter advanced drilling. 
Agile Through Cycle 
 
The Issuer is agile through market volatility and business cycles. This is supported by a higher share of 
parts, services and consumables or increased software revenues. In 2023, the Issuer demonstrated good 
pricing power and ability to mitigate inflation with price increases.  
The Issuer's financial targets include an adjusted EBITA range of 20–22 per cent. through a business cycle, 
adjusted for IAC. In 2023, the adjusted EBITA margin amounted to 20.0 per cent. Across different 
industries, the Issuer’s decentralised organisation allows it to act quickly on market intelligence, with well-
prepared contingency plans across all business areas to manage different economic scenarios. Well-
prepared contingency planning will enable quick responses to changing market conditions. Continuous 
improvements on fixed costs and operational efficiency are other key factors. 
The Issuer built operational flexibility in 2023 by developing alternative supply chains and acquiring assets, 
such as Buffalo Tungsten and a foundry in India to increase operational flexibility. The share of variable 
costs has increased through developments such as increased third-party personnel and out-sourced 
production. The Issuer’s restructuring program which it announced in 2022, includes consolidation of 
production units, site closures and optimizing the structure of the sales organization, generating savings of 
about SEK 785 million, with a full run-rate in 2025. At the end of 2023, 48 per cent. of the plan had been 
delivered, in line with the scheduled plan. Operational flexibility has extended to the workforce structure, 
with an increased share of flexible time workers. 
Employer of Choice  
 
The Issuer aims to be the employer of choice within its industries and to attract, retain and develop diverse 
talented individuals to drive the Issuer’s strategy. The Issuer aims to ensure a diverse work-force with 
regards to factors such as age, gender, nationality and ways of thinking. The Issuer has an internal target of 
80 per cent. engagement amongst employees for 2025. By 2025, the Issuer aims for 25 per cent. of managers 
to be female.  
In the Issuer's 2023 year end survey, there was a high level of engagement with the Issuer receiving a 
response level of approximately 78 per cent. In 2023, 40 per cent. of the Issuer's executive management 
team and 20.5 per cent. of its managers were females.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
UK-#759376029v1 
CORE VALUES AND PURPOSE 
The Group has four core values which capture the corporate culture and guide the actions and daily business 
decisions taken: 
• 
Customer Focus – The Group constantly strives to exceed its customers' expectations and enable 
them to excel in their business. The Group is decentralized and decisions are taken close to 
customers. 
• 
Innovation – The Group always strives for technology leadership and successful partnerships. The 
Group works to ensure everyday advancements and innovative shifts. 
• 
Fair Play – The Group puts health and safety first. The Group is ethical and compliant and conducts 
its business sustainably. 
• 
Passion to Win – The Group establishes its market leadership through strong performance 
management, continuous improvements and empowered people. The Group is passionate about 
making its company number one. 
The Group's purpose is "We make the shift – advancing the world through engineering". This captures the 
Group's ambition for innovative solutions to make the shift in areas such as digitalization and sustainability, 
creating value for employees, customers, shareholders and society. 
RECENT EVENTS 
Demand for the Issuer's products increased in 2023 with organic order intake increasing by 4.8 per cent. (in 
comparison to 2022). Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations increased by 12.2 per cent. to SEK 
25,240 million (in comparison to 2022) and the adjusted EBITA margin was 20.0 per cent. as at 31 
December 2023, in line with the 2022 adjusted EBITA margin of 20.0 per cent. 
On 2 September 2023, the Issuer was awarded with the “Red Dot” distinction in the Red Dot Design Awards 
2024, one of the most prestigious design competitions in the world. The Issuer’s rebranding exercise, also 
launched in September 2023, won in the technology brand category. 
On 29 November 2023, the Issuer received a large underground mining equipment order from Jimond 
Mining Management Company, a subsidiary of the Chinese global mining services provider JCHX Mining 
Management Co., Ltd. to be used in the Kamoa-Kakula copper mine in the Democratic Republic of the 
Congo. The order includes Toro™ TH663i trucks, Toro™ LH621i loaders and Sandvik DL432i longhole 
production drills. The order is valued at around SEK 200 million and was recorded in the fourth quarter of 
2023. 
On 15 January 2024, the Issuer received its largest order for surface drill rigs. The order is from U.S. based 
Country Boy Supply, LLC. Deliveries started in the first quarter 2024. The order consists of 34 surface drill 
rigs to replace the current contractor fleet in Georgia and Tennessee, with automation being a key feature 
in the fleet upgrade given part of the equipment will be equipped with Sandvik AutoMine® readiness. The 
intelligent surface drill rigs from the Issuer will be used for production drilling in various large quarries or 
open pit mines, as well as construction work sites. The order is valued at approximately SEK 248 million 
and was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
On 24 January 2024, the Nomination Committee proposed the re-election of certain members of the Board 
and the election of Susanna Schneeberger as a new member of the Board. Jennifer Allerton declined re-
election. 
On 25 January 2024, the Issuer began implementing a restructuring program to continue strengthening 
operational efficiency and support existing financial targets. The new measures include consolidation of 
productions units and optimizing the structure of the organization, and are being implemented globally 
across the Group. The restructuring program will generate annual savings of about SEK 1.2 billion. The 
share of total annualized savings expected to be reached by the end of 2024 and the end of 2025 are 
approximately 80 per cent. and 100 per cent., respectively. Out of the planned savings initiatives, 85 per 
cent. are structural and 15 per cent. are volume related. Costs related to the restructuring program are 
expected to amount to SEK 2.4 billion, which are reported as non-recurring costs and reported as items 
affecting comparability in EBITA in the first quarter of 2024.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
UK-#759376029v1 
On 1 March 2024, the Issuer received a major order from Codelco, the world’s largest copper producer, to 
supply an AutoMine® load and haul automation system, for use in the Andesita project at the El Teniente 
mine in Chile. Under this order, which follows multiple automation solutions orders from Codelco 
throughout 2023, the Issuer will implement an advanced automation system and deliver a new automated 
Toro™ LH621i loader during 2024. The order is valued at approximately SEK 300 million and was 
recorded in the first quarter of 2024. 
On 23 May 2024, the Issuer received a major order from Hindustan Zinc Limited, an Indian mining 
company, to supply underground mining equipment at a value of approximately SEK 345 million. The 
order was recorded in the second quarter of 2024, and deliveries are scheduled through the end of 2024. 
On 1 July 2024, the Issuer received a major order from a mining customer based in Southeast Asia. The 
order includes development drills, rock bolters and longhole drills. Deliveries began during the third quarter 
of 2024 and continue through the second quarter of 2025. The order is valued at approximately SEK 500 
million and was recorded in the second quarter of 2024. 
On 1 July 2024, the Issuer received a major underground mining equipment order from the Portugal-based 
distributor Cimertex, for delivery to the Portuguese mining company Almina Minas do Alentejo S.A. The 
order is valued at approximately SEK 340 million and was recorded in the second quarter of 2024. 
Deliveries began in the third quarter of 2024, continuing through 2025. 
On 5 July 2024, the Issuer received a major underground mining equipment order from Australian-based 
Evolution Mining. The order was recorded in the second quarter of 2024 and valued at approximately SEK 
300 million. Deliveries began in the third quarter of 2024 and will continue over the next 12 months. The 
order includes the Issuer’s advanced underground loaders, trucks and development drills, to be 
implemented in different mines in Australia. 
On 3 September 2024, the Issuer was awarded a major contract from BHP to the Jansen Potash Project, 
located in Saskatchewan, Canada. The contract, which includes potash continuous mining systems, is 
valued at approximately SEK 1.9 billion. 
On 26 September 2024, the Issuer announced that Johan Kerstell will resign from his role as Executive 
Vice President and Head of Human Resources for the Group. Johan Kerstell will remain in this role until 
his successor is in place. 
THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2024 
Order Intake and Revenues 
Total order intake was generally in line with the previous year, but at fixed exchange rates order intake 
grew by 4 per cent., and 2 per cent. organically. Total revenues declined by 4 per cent. and at fixed exchange 
rates, grew by 1 per cent., of which -1 per cent. was organic.  
Continued solid demand was noted in the mining business, driven by positive momentum in the aftermarket 
divisions. Favourable mineral prices continued to spur high mining activity, and the ambition to maximize 
production with existing, older equipment, is driving an increased need for services and spare parts. 
Demand in infrastructure remained weak, explained by a low activity in general, and high stock levels with 
dealers. Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions noted the strongest organic order intake growth in South 
America and Sandvik Rock Processing Solutions in Australia. During the quarter, the National Mining 
Association hosted the MINExpo InternationalTM, an event where stakeholders meet for dialogue and 
learnings, and where the Issuer introduced many new innovations. Overall, order intake in the short cycle 
businesses declined year on year. With subdued industrial activity, weaker macro trends in general, and 
challenges in the automotive industry, the cutting tools business saw softer demand in all major regions. 
The weakest demand was noted in Europe, and in the general engineering and automotive customer 
segments. Temporary bottlenecks in the aerospace segment had a slight impact on orders in the quarter, 
while the outlook for the industry remained positive. Solid momentum was noted in the software business 
driven by North America and Asia, while Europe and in particular automotive customers, were more 
cautious.  
Earnings

--- Page 123 ---
123 
UK-#759376029v1 
Adjusted gross profit amounted to SEK 12,215 million (compared with SEK 12,924 million for the same 
period in 2023) corresponding to a margin of 40.3 per cent. (compared with 41.1 per cent. for the same 
period in 2023). Adjusted sales and administration costs decreased by 4 per cent. to SEK 6,732 million 
(compared with SEK 7,019 million for the same period in 2023) while the ratio to revenues improved 
slightly to 22.2 per cent. (compared with 22.3 per cent. for the same period in 2023).  
 
Adjusted EBITA declined by 7 per cent. to SEK 5,866 million (compared with SEK 6,312 million for the 
same period in 2023) corresponding to a margin of 19.4 per cent. (compared with 20.1 per cent. for the 
same period in 2023). Savings from the restructuring program the Group communicated in May 2022 
amounted to approximately SEK 173 million in the quarter, corresponding to a bridge effect of SEK 94 
million. The achieved realised annualised run rate was 88 per cent. with total savings of SEK 785 million. 
The impact from transaction and translation exchange rates was negative, at SEK -173 million year on year, 
but had a positive margin impact of 30 basis points. Acquisitions were slightly dilutive to the margin. Items 
affecting comparability amounted to SEK -455 million (compared with SEK -51 million for the same period 
in 2023), mainly related to charges from exiting non-strategic businesses. 
 
The interest net increased to SEK -390 million (compared with SEK -374 million for the same period in 
2023 and with SEK -397 million for the preceding quarter). Net financial items amounted  to SEK -526 
million (compared with SEK -760 million for the same period in 2023), where the higher net financial items 
in the year earlier period was impacted by temporary revaluation effects of unrealized hedges. 
 
The tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was 24.1 per cent. (compared with 21.9 per cent. for 
the same period in 2023). The reported tax rate for continuing operations was 26.4 per cent. (compared with 
22.1 per cent. for the same period in 2023). The normalised tax rate was 24.1 per cent., in line with guidance 
(compared with 23.9 per cent. for the same period in 2023). 
 
Profit for the period amounted to SEK 3,239 million (compared with SEK 3,900 million for the same period 
in 2023), corresponding to earnings per share, diluted, of SEK 2.58 (compared with SEK 3.10 for the same 
period in 2023) and adjusted earnings per share, diluted, of SEK 2.94 (compared with SEK 3.14 for the 
same period in 2023). Adjusted earnings per share, diluted, excluding surplus values, amounted to SEK 
3.26 (compared with SEK 3.48 for same period in 2023). 
 
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow 
Capital employed decreased year on year to SEK 141.3 billion (compared with SEK 142.1 billion for the 
same period in 2023 and with SEK 145.3 billion for the preceding quarter). Return on capital employed 
decreased year on year to 13.5 per cent. and sequentially (compared with 16.0 per cent. for the same period 
in 2023 and with 14.1 per cent. for the preceding quarter).  
Net working capital decreased year on year to SEK 35.9 billion, mainly explained by reductions in 
inventories and decreased sequentially, driven by lower accounts receivables (compared with SEK 38.1 
billion for the same period in 2023 and with SEK 37.9 billion for the preceding quarter). Net working 
capital in relation to revenues increased year on year to 30.2 per cent. and was stable sequentially (compared 
with 30.5 per cent. for the same period in 2023 and with 30.2 per cent. for the preceding quarter). 
Investments in tangible and intangible assets decreased slightly year on year to SEK 1.2 billion, but 
increased slightly sequentially (compared with SEK 1.3 billion for the same period in 2023 and with SEK 
1.1 billion for the preceding quarter). The investments corresponded to 134 per cent. of scheduled 
depreciations.  
The financial net debt of SEK 37.3 billion decreased year on year and sequentially (compared with SEK 
38.4 billion for the same period in 2023 and with SEK 40.5 billion for the preceding quarter). The financial 
net debt/EBITDA ratio was 1.4, representing a decrease sequentially (compared with 1.3 for the same 
period in 2023 and with 1.5 for the preceding quarter). 
The net pension liability increased year on year to SEK 3.0 billion and decreased sequentially, mainly due 
to higher discount rates (compared with SEK 2.2 billion for the same period in 2023 and with SEK 2.5 
billion for the preceding quarter). Total net debt remained stable at SEK 46.1 billion but decreased 
sequentially due to lower borrowing volumes (compared with SEK 46.2 billion for the same period in 2023 
and with SEK 49.0 billion for the preceding quarter).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
UK-#759376029v1 
Free operating cash flow increased year on year to SEK 6.8 billion, due to a favourable development in net 
working capital (compared with SEK 5.8 billion for the same period in 2023). 
Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions 
Order intake and revenues: 
  
• 
Continued solid demand in mining driven by strong growth in aftermarket; 
• 
Total order intake grew by 2 per cent., and at fixed exchange rates, by 7 per cent., and organically 
by 8 per cent.;  
•  
Received an important major order of SEK 1.9 billion, of which SEK 490 million was booked in 
the third quarter. Excluding major orders, organic order intake grew by 4 per cent.;  
• 
The strongest development in organic order intake was noted in South America and Africa, Middle 
East, which grew by 36 per cent. and 12 per cent., respectively. North America grew by 6 per cent.;  
• 
Organic order intake for aftermarket increased year on year by 11 per cent. and declined year on 
year for equipment by 2 per cent.; and 
• 
The aftermarket business accounted for 70 per cent. of revenues (compared with 66 per cent. for 
the same period in 2023) while the equipment business accounted for 30 per cent. (compared with 
34 per cent. for the same period in 2023). 
Adjusted EBITA: 
• 
The adjusted EBITA amounted to SEK 3,269 million (compared with SEK 3,548 million for the 
same period in 2023), corresponding to a margin of 20.6 per cent. (compared with 21.3 per cent. 
for the same period in 2023), negatively impacted mainly by lower equipment volumes;  
• 
Savings from the 2022 restructuring program had a positive impact of SEK 20 million, 
corresponding to a bridge effect of SEK 10 million. Savings from the 2024 restructuring program 
had a positive bridge effect of SEK 71 million; and 
• 
Exchange rates had a negative impact of SEK 46 million year on year but was accretive to the 
margin by 80 basis points. 
Shift to growth: 
• 
During the quarter, the Issuer signed an agreement to acquire Universal Field Robots Universal 
Field Robots. Universal Field Robots’ solution portfolio is built on a common autonomy platform, 
which is a strong complement to the Issuer’s automation offering and includes original equipment 
manufacturer agnostic robotic and autonomous solutions for trucks, loaders and auxiliary 
equipment. The acquisition will help to increase the addressable market for the Issuer and further 
strengthens the market position of Sandvik AutoMine® - the world’s leading mining automation 
platform; 
• 
At MINExpo 2024, the Issuer showcased interesting innovations, including the trolley solution for 
battery-electric vehicle trucks, designed for large fleets with predictable traffic and long ramps. 
The lithium-iron-phosphate battery technology for underground drills with enhanced performance 
and safety was another key highlight; and 
• 
Significant customer collaborations during the quarter included agreements with Boliden’s Kevitsa 
mine to test the Issuer’s battery-electric surface drill rig, and separately with Perenti to develop 
diesel-electric underground mining equipment. 
Sandvik Rock Processing Solutions 
Order intake and revenues:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
Stable demand in mining while weak macro environment continued to weigh on the infrastructure 
segment; 
• 
Total order intake declined by 3 per cent., and at fixed exchange rates increased by 1 per cent. 
Organically order intake increased by 1 per cent.; 
• 
Two major orders received, one in mining and one in infrastructure, totalling SEK 318 million. 
Excluding major orders, organic order intake declined by 6 per cent.; 
• 
Organic order intake for equipment increased by 17 per cent. while aftermarket order intake 
declined by 7 per cent.; 
• 
Africa, Middle East noted strong organic order intake growth of 30 per cent., followed by 
Australia at 20 per cent. and North America at 16 per cent. Asia and Europe declined by 
33 per cent. and 16 per cent. respectively; and 
• 
The aftermarket business accounted for 61 per cent. of revenues (compared with 67 per cent. for 
the same period in 2023) while the equipment business accounted for 39 per cent. (compared with 
33 per cent. for the same period in 2023). 
Adjusted EBITA: 
 
• 
The adjusted EBITA amounted to SEK 417 million (compared with SEK 401 million for the same 
period in 2023), corresponding to a margin of 15.2 per cent. (compared with 14.1 per cent. for the 
same period in 2023). Lower volumes were offset by contingency measures and structural savings; 
• 
Savings from the 2022 restructuring program had a positive impact of SEK 34 million, 
corresponding to a bridge effect of SEK 21 million. Savings from the 2024 restructuring program 
had a positive bridge effect of SEK 31 million; and 
• 
Exchange rates had a negative impact of SEK 13 million year on year, but had an accretive effect 
of 10 basis points. 
Shift to growth: 
• 
During the quarter the Issuer implemented ACS-s, the Issuer’s next generation condition 
monitoring tool for vibrating screens and feeders. The system provides operators and service 
technicians with real-time data on the condition of their equipment which enables proactive 
maintenance decisions. This reduces downtime and high impact repairs, and consequently leads to 
improved operational efficiency. 
Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions 
Order intake and revenues: 
  
• 
Broad-based muted demand in general engineering and automotive. Strong backlogs at aerospace 
customers, while temporary issues impacted demand slightly in the quarter; 
• 
Organic orders in cutting tools declined by 5 per cent. Solid momentum in the software business 
led to mid-single digit growth in organic order intake; 
• 
Total order intake declined by 3 per cent. but increased at fixed exchange rates by 1 per cent., of 
which organic was -4 per cent.; 
• 
Organic order intake development declined by 5 per cent. in Europe, 4 per cent. in North America 
and 3 per cent. in Asia;   
• 
The number of working days had a 2 per cent. positive impact on orders and revenues; and  
• 
Daily order intake in the first two weeks of October was stable compared to the third 
quarter, taking normal seasonality into account. 
Adjusted EBITA:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
The adjusted EBITA amounted to SEK 2,314 million (compared with SEK 2,499 million for the 
same period in 2023), corresponding to a margin of 19.8 per cent. (compared with 20.9 per cent. 
for the same period in 2023); 
•  
Volumes impacted the margin negatively year on year. Cost inflation was off-set by pricing in the 
quarter; 
• 
Acquisitions had a dilutive effect on the margin of 40 basis points; 
•  
Savings from the 2022 restructuring program had a positive impact of SEK 118 million, 
corresponding to a bridge effect of SEK 62 million. Savings from the 2024 restructuring program 
had a positive bridge effect of SEK 113 million; and 
•  
Exchange rates had a negative impact of SEK 102 million year on year, corresponding to a dilution 
of 10 basis points. 
Shift to growth: 
• 
During the quarter, the Issuer launched an integrated offering between Metrologic and Dimensional 
Control Systems that enables metrology data collection, reporting and a complete Quality 
Management System as one seamless solution. The solution helps customers to reduce manual 
errors, increase quality improvements and save time. 
PARENT COMPANY 
The parent company's invoiced sales after the first nine months of 2024 amounted to SEK 10,596 million 
(compared with SEK 10,434 million for the same period in 2023) and the operating result was SEK 1,076 
million (compared with SEK 4,129 million for the same period in 2023). Result from shares in Group 
companies of SEK 2,924 million (compared with SEK 3,438 million for the same period in 2023) for the 
first nine months consists mainly of dividends. Interest- bearing liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents 
and interest- bearing assets, amounted to SEK 45,176 million (compared with SEK 32,554 million for the 
same period in 2023). Investments in property, plant and machinery amounted to SEK 310 million 
(compared with SEK 267 million for the same period in 2023). 
FIRST NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2024 
The first nine months showed a varied demand picture both regionally and by customer segments. Demand 
in mining continued to be stable with decline in equipment orders off-set by strong demand for parts and 
services and digital solutions. The infrastructure market continued to be challenging on a broad based scale. 
Demand in aerospace was solid, with no significant impact from temporary supply chain issues, and the 
positive outlook prevails. In a softer market, volumes declined in the general engineering and automotive 
segments. Total order intake declined by 2 per cent. but was in line with last year at fixed exchange rates, 
of which organic development was stable at 0 per cent. Total revenue declined by 4 per cent., at fixed 
exchange rates, by 2 per cent., of which -3 per cent. was organic. 
Adjusted EBITA declined by 9 per cent. year on year to SEK 17,295 million (compared with SEK 19,030 
million for the same period in 2023), and the adjusted EBITA margin was 19.1 per cent. (compared with 
20.1 per cent. for the same period in 2023). The reported EBITA declined by 22 per cent. to SEK 14,200 
million (compared with SEK 18,129 million for the same period in 2023), resulting in a margin of 15.7 per 
cent. (compared with 19.1 per cent. for the same period in 2023). The decrease in EBITA is mainly related 
to cost taken in the first quarter for the restructuring program launched in January 2024.  
Net financial items amounted to SEK -1,595 million (compared with SEK -1,993 million for the same 
period in 2023) and profit before tax was SEK 11,080 million (compared with SEK 14,496 million for the 
same period in 2023). 
The tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, for continuing operations was 24.0 per cent. 
(compared with 23.6 per cent. for the same period in 2023). The reported tax rate for continuing operations 
was 28.3 per cent. (compared with 23.8 per cent. for the same period in 2023). The normalised tax rate for 
continuing operations was 24.0 per cent., in line with guidance (compared with 24.0 per cent. for the same 
period in 2023).

--- Page 127 ---
127 
UK-#759376029v1 
Profit for the first nine months of 2024 amounted to SEK 7,948 million (compared with SEK 11,043 million 
for the same period in 2023). Earnings per share, diluted, amounted to SEK 6.33 (compared with SEK 8.79 
for the same period in 2023). 
For the Group total, financial net debt decreased year on year to SEK 37.3 billion (compared with SEK 
38.4 billion for the same period in 2023) resulting in a financial net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4 (compared 
with 1.3 for the same period in 2023). 
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTMENTS 
On 3 November 2023, the Issuer completed the acquisition of esco GmbH, a German based supplier of 
software for power skiving, an important technology within gear machining. esco GmbH will be reported 
in Sandvik Coromant, a division within Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions. The acquisition 
was previously announced on 26 October 2023. 
On 4 December 2023, the Issuer completed the acquisition of Buffalo Tungsten, Inc., a US based 
manufacturer of tungsten metal powder and tungsten carbide powder, primarily operating in North 
America. Buffalo Tungsten, Inc. will be reported in business area segment Sandvik Machining Solutions. 
The acquisition was previously announced on 26 October 2023. 
On 2 February 2024, the Issuer completed the acquisition of pro-micron GmbH, a German-based supplier 
of sensorised tools and automation software. pro-micron GmbH will be reported in Sandvik Coromant, a 
division within Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions. The acquisition was previously 
announced on 28 December 2023. 
On 4 March 2024, the Issuer completed the acquisition of Cimquest, a U.S. based reseller of Computer 
Aided Manufacturing (CAM) solutions and one of the largest resellers in the Mastercam network. Cimquest 
will be a part of business unit Mastercam and will be reported within business area Sandvik Manufacturing 
and Machining Solutions. The acquisition was previously announced on 26 February 2024. 
On 3 May 2024, the Issuer completed the acquisition of Almü Präzisions-Werkzeug GmbH, a German 
based cutting tools and solutions provider within high-precision drilling, reaming, milling and tooling 
systems. Almü Präzisions-Werkzeug GmbH will be reported in Sandvik Coromant, a division within 
Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions. The acquisition was previously announced on 9 March 
2024. 
On 1 July 2024, the Issuer completed the acquisition of a majority stake in the leading China-based 
company Suzhou Ahno Precision Cutting Tool Technology Co., Ltd. from the current majority owner, 
Ningbo Baosi Energy Equipment Co., Ltd and related parties. The company will be reported within the 
business area segment Sandvik Machining Solutions. Sandvik will own a 72.4 per cent. stake in Ahno. This 
builds on a previous ownership stake of 12.4 per cent. The acquisition was previously announced on 23 
April 2024. 
On 4 June 2024, the Issuer completed the acquisition of PDQ Workholding LLC, a leading U.S.-based 
company specializing in custom workholding fixtures and tooling for various industries, including 
segments such as aerospace, automotive and energy. PDQ Workholding LLC will be reported in Walter, a 
division within Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions.  
On 27 August 2024, the Issuer announced the acquisition of Universal Field Robots, a fast-growing 
Australia-based provider of autonomous interoperable solutions for the surface mining and underground 
mining markets. Universal Field Robots will be reported in Digital Mining Technologies, a division within 
Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions.  
On 27 September 2024, the Issuer announced: (i) a divestment in the engineer-to-order business of DWFritz 
Automation; and (ii) the decision to exit from its minority stake in BEAMIT. Both businesses had been 
reported within Sandvik Manufacturing and Machining Solutions. Charges totalling approximately SEK 
390 million will be accounted for in the third quarter of 2024 as a result, with approximately SEK 250 
million relating to the capital loss and transaction costs from the divestment of DWFritz and approximately 
SEK 140 million relating to exiting the minority stake in BEAMIT.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
UK-#759376029v1 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer (the "Board") is responsible for the Group's organisation and the 
management of the Group's business. The Board is required to continuously monitor the Issuer's and the 
Group's financial position. 
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the Group's organisation is designed in a way that ensures that 
the financial statements, the management of assets and the Group's financial condition in general are 
controlled in a satisfactory manner. 
The President is appointed by the Board and is responsible for the daily operations pursuant to guidelines 
and instructions issued by the Board. The distribution of responsibilities between the Board and the 
President is laid down in the Board's Procedural Guidelines which are reviewed and adopted each year. The 
review is based on such aspects as the Board's evaluation of the individual and collective work that the 
Board performs. 
In addition to financial reporting and the monitoring and follow-up of daily operations and profit trend, 
Board meetings address the goals and strategies for the operations, significant acquisitions and investments, 
as well as matters relating to the capital structure. Senior executives report business plans and strategic 
issues to the Board on an ongoing basis. 
The Board consists of eight members ("Directors") elected during the Annual General Meeting. Pursuant 
to Swedish legislation, trade unions are entitled to representation on the Board and they have appointed two 
members and two deputies.  
Members of the Board 
Johan Molin, b. 1959. Chairman of the Board since 2015. Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and 
Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee and member of the Audit Committee. 
Education and business experience: Master of Science in Business and Economics from the Stockholm 
School of Economics. President and CEO of ASSA ABLOY 2005-2018, President and CEO of Nilfisk-
Advance 2001–2005 and various positions within the Atlas Copco Group 1983–2001. 
Assignments in companies or organisations outside of the Issuer ("Current Board Assignments"): None. 
Claes Boustedt, b. 1962. Director of the Issuer since 2015. Chairman of the Audit Committee and member 
of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Business and Economics, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Executive Vice President of L E Lundbergföretagen AB since 1997 and President of L E Lundberg 
Kapitalförvaltning AB since 1995. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of Hufvudstaden AB, Förvaltnings, AB Lunden and Alleima 
AB. 
Marika Fredriksson, b. 1963. Director of Issuer since 2017. 
Education and business experience: Master of Business Administration. CFO and Group Executive Vice 
President of Vestas Wind Systems A/S 2013-2022. CFO of Gambro AB 2009–2012, CFO of Autoliv Inc. 
2008–2009 and various positions within Volvo 1996–2008, including CFO and Senior Vice President 
Finance and Strategy at Volvo Construction Equipment Corporation. 
Current Board Assignments: Chairman of the board of Emagine A/S and board member of AB 
Industrivärden, A.P. Møller-Mærsk A/S., KONE Oyj and Ecolean AB. 
Andreas Nordbrandt, b. 1971. Director of the Issuer since 2021. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering and Hydraulics. Coowner and 
President of Mälarvillan AB since 2018. President of the Underground Rock Excavation Division within 
the Epiroc Group since 2018. Various positions within the Atlas Copco Group 1995–2018, including 
President of the Underground Rock Excavation Division 2016–2018, President of the Rocktec Division

--- Page 129 ---
129 
UK-#759376029v1 
2014–2016, Vice President Service Operations and Operations Manager 2013–2014 and Business Line 
Manager – Service Division, Atlas Copco Mining and Rock Excavation Australia 2009–2012. 
Current Board Assignments: Chairman of the board of Alleima AB. 
Susanna Schneeberger, b. 1973. Director of the Issuer since 2024.  
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in International Business and MBA. Senior advisor and partner 
at Executive Interim Partners GmbH since 2022. Business area president and Chief Digital Officer and 
member of the executive management team for the KION Group 2018–2020. CEO of Demag Cranes & 
Components 2015–2018. Various senior positions within the Trelleborg Group 2007–2014. 
Current Board Assignments: Chairman of the board of Yunex GmbH and board member of SKF AB and 
Hempel A/S. 
Helena Stjernholm, b. 1970. Director of the Issuer since 2016. Member of the Audit Committee, 
Remuneration Committee and Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Business Administration. President and CEO of AB 
Industrivärden since 2015. Investment manager and subsequently partner at IK Investment Partners 1998-
2015 and consultant at Bain & Company 1997-1998. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of AB Industrivärden, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson and 
AB Volvo. 
Stefan Widing, b. 1977. Director of the Issuer since 2020.  
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering and Bachelor of 
Business Administration. President and CEO of the Issuer since February 1, 2020. President of the Sandvik 
Manufacturing and Machining Solutions business area since October 1, 2020. Various positions within the 
ASSA ABLOY Group 2006–2020, including Executive Vice President HID Global division 2015–2020, 
Director of Product Management and General Manager of Shared Technologies Unit. Various positions in 
the Saab Group 2001–2006. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers 
(Industriarbetsgivarna). 
Kai Wärn, b. 1959. Director of Issuer since 2020. Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering, the Royal Institute of Technology, 
Stockholm, Sweden. President and CEO of Husqvarna AB 2013–2020. Operations partner at IK Investment 
Partners Norden AB 2011–2013, President and CEO of Seco Tools AB 2004–2010 and various positions 
within ABB 1985–2004. 
Current Board Assignments: Chairman of the board of Electrolux Professional AB and SunStreet Energy 
AB. 
Fredrik Håf, b. 1983. Director of the Issuer since 2024 (employee representative, IF Metall). 
Education and business experience: Chairman of the Union Committee, MetalWorkers' Union, division 
Rock Tools, Sandviken, Sweden. Various operator positions at division Rock Tools, since 2002. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Thomas 
Lilja, 
b. 
1975. 
Director 
of 
the 
Issuer 
since 
2016 
(employee 
representative, 
Unionen/Ledarna/Swedish Association of Graduate Engineers). 
 
Education and business experience: Technical College Graduate – Mechanical Engineering. Chairman of 
Trade Union, Unionen Sandvik Sweden and Unionen Coromant & Machining Solutions. Various positions 
within the Issuer 2000-2010 and production and logistics at Scania 1995-2000. 
 
Current Board Assignments: None.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
Deputy members 
Carl-Åke Jansson, b. 1972. Deputy Director of the Issuer since 2024 (employee representative, 
Unionen/Ledarna/Sveriges Ingenjörer). 
B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering, the Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm. Various positions within 
Sandvik Coromant since 2004, including product owner and designer of process equipment. 
Current Board Assignments: Board assignment for Swedish Association of Graduate Engineers, Sandvik in 
Västberga. Member of the board of the Swedish Academic Association within the Issuer. 
Jessica Smedjegård, b. 1981. Deputy Director of the Issuer since 2024 (employee representative, IF 
Metall). 
Education and business experience: Vice chairman of the Union Committee, Metal Workers’ Union, 
Sandvik Coromant Gimoverken, Sweden. Various operator positions at Sandvik Coromant, since 2004. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Honorary Chairman 
Percy Barnevik, b. 1941. Chairman of the Board 1983–2002. 
Board Secretary 
Ǻsa Thunman, b. 1969. Board Secretary, Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Issuer since 
2014. 
Education and business experience: Master of Laws (LLM). Securitas Group, 2009–2014, general counsel 
since 2011. Elekta AB, 1999–2009, several leading positions, including general counsel. Lagerlöf & Leman 
law firm, 1996–1999. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of the Swedish Association of Listed Companies 
(Aktiemarknadsbolagens förening). 
The business address for the Members of the Board is currently Kungsbron 1, Section G, Floor 5, Box 510, 
Stockholm SE-10130, Sweden.  
Auditor  
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  
Auditor-in-charge: Anna Rosendal. Authorised Public Accountant.  
Other auditing assignments: Auditor-in-charge at Indutrade AB, Sdiptech AB and Nobia AB. 
President and the Group Executive Management 
The President and CEO are accountable for Group decision-making in all areas delegated by the Board. In 
order to ensure a full Group perspective in these matters, the President has appointed the Group Executive 
Management as an advisory forum, focusing on how to achieve Group targets, strategies, structure and 
organisation. The Group Executive Management meets each month and its members are accountable for 
implementing the President's decisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the present members of the Group Executive Management include: 
Stefan Widing, b. 1977. President and CEO, of the Issuer since 1 February 2020. President of the Sandvik 
Manufacturing and Machining Solutions business area since 1 October 2020.  
 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering and Bachelor of 
Business Administration. Various positions within the Assa Abloy Group 2006–2020, including Executive

--- Page 131 ---
131 
UK-#759376029v1 
Vice President HID Global division 2015–2020, Director of Product Management and General Manager of 
Shared Technologies Unit. Various positions in the Saab Group 2001–2006. 
 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers 
(Industriarbetsgivarna). 
Nadine Crauwels, b. 1971. President of the Sandvik Machining Solutions business area segment since 1 
October 2020. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering. President of Sandvik Coromant 
2017–2020. Various other positions within Sandvik Coromant since 2000, including Vice President 
Customized Solutions and Strategic Relations, and Sandvik Coromant Manager Switzerland. Project 
Engineer and Consultant for the metal cutting industry at WTCM (today Sirris) 1995–2000. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of Alfa Laval AB. 
Mats Eriksson, b. 1962. President of the Sandvik Mining and Rock Solutions, since 1 October 2022. 
 
Education and business experience: B.Sc. in Computer Science. President of the Load and Haul division 
2016–2022. President and CEO of Cencorp Oyj 2010–2012 and Salcomp Oyj 1998–2006 as well as leading 
positions for several other companies. 
 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of Sandvik Pension Fund in Finland. 
Cecilia Felton, b. 1984. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer since 1 February 
2022. 
Education and business experience: B.Sc. Environmental Policy with Economics. Various positions within 
the Group since 2013, including acting Chief Financial Officer 1 November 2021–31 January 2022, Vice 
President Group Control and Director Group M&A and Investments, and Director Group Business Control. 
Various positions within Ernst & Young, Operational Transaction Services, London, 2007–2013. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Richard Harris b. 1970. President of the Sandvik Rock Processing Solutions business area since 1 October 
2022. 
Education and business experience: Bachelor of Engineering and Chartered Engineer. Various positions 
within the Issuer since 2002, including President of the Walter division 2019–2022, President of the 
Wolfram division 2016–2019 and different Supply and Production Director roles. Previously various 
positions within manufacturing companies, including Production Manager at Land Rover and Plant 
Manager at Keiper UK Ltd. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Johan Kerstell, b. 1970 Executive Vice President and Head of Human Resources of the Issuer since 1 June 
2016. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Business and Economics. Various leading positions in Human 
Resources and Organisational Development within the Group since 2004 and consultant at Cap Gemini 
1999–2003. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Mattias Nilsson, b. 1972. President of the Sandvik Manufacturing Solutions business area segment since 8 
May 2023. 
Education and business experience: B.Sc. in Business Administration, Finance and Accounting. Various 
positions within Sandvik since 2007 including Vice President Offer Management and R&D at Sandvik 
Coromant 2021−2023. 
Current Board Assignments: None.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
UK-#759376029v1 
Björn Roodzant b. 1969. Executive Vice President and Head of Group Communications and Sustainability, 
of the Issuer since 1 May 2023. 
Education and business experience: M.Sc. in Economics, Strategy and Marketing. Various positions within 
the Issuer since 2004, including Vice President Marketing and Communications at Sandvik Coromant. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Sofia Sirvell b. 1974. Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer (CDO) of the Issuer since 1 March 
2023. 
Education and business experience: Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer (CDO) of the Issuer 
since 2023. 
Current Board Assignments: None. 
Ǻsa Thunman, b. 1969. Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Issuer since 1 October 2014. 
Education and business experience: Master of Laws (LL.M). Securitas Group 2009–2014, general counsel 
since 2011. Elekta AB, 1999–2009, several leading positions, including general counsel. Lagerlöf & Leman 
law firm 1996–1999. 
Current Board Assignments: Board member of the Swedish Association of Listed Companies 
(Aktiemarknadsbolagens förening).  
 The business address for the Group Executive Management and Extended Group Executive Management 
is currently Kungsbron 1, Section G, Floor 5, Box 510, Stockholm SE-101 30, Sweden. 
 
Committees of the Board 
The tasks of the Committees and their work procedures are stipulated in written instructions issued by the 
Board. The Committees' primary task is to prepare issues and present them to the Board for resolution. 
Remuneration Committee 
During 2024/2025, the members of the Remuneration Committee are the Chairman of the Board Johan 
Molin (Chairman of the Committee), Helena Stjernholm and Kai Wärn. The Board secretary, Åsa 
Thunman, is also secretary of the Remuneration Committee. The tasks of the Remuneration Committee are, 
among others, those prescribed by the Code, which include preparing proposals regarding guidelines for 
remuneration of senior executives and long-term incentive programmes for senior executives. 
Based on the recommendations of the Remuneration Committee, the Board decides the remuneration and 
terms of employment for the President. The Rumeration Committee decides on the remuneration to be paid 
to the Group Executive Management. 
In 2023, the Remuneration Committee held three meetings. 
Audit Committee 
During 2024/2025, the members of the Audit Committee are Claes Boustedt (Chairman of the Committee), 
Johan Molin and Helena Stjernholm. The Board secretary, Åsa Thunman, is also secretary of the Audit 
Committee. Areas addressed by the Audit Committee mainly related to: 
• 
monitoring the financial reporting and ensuring its reliability; 
• 
effectiveness of the system of internal control and internal audit; 
• 
planning, scope and follow-up of the internal and external audit for the year; 
• 
assistance to the Nomination Committee with regards to proposal for auditor; 
• 
monitoring of the external auditor's independence and objectivity vis-à-vis the company, including 
the extent to which the auditor provides other services than auditing services to the company;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
UK-#759376029v1 
• 
the Group's systematic processes for overall corporate risk management, as well as more detailed 
risk management matters including legal disputes, compliance, corporate investigations, IT 
security, improvement of group digital security, accounting procedures, taxation, treasury, finance 
operations, insurance coverage and pension issues; 
• 
the development and effectiveness of compliance processes, with special focus on ensuring 
operational stability of the compliance program; 
• 
the Issuer’s code of conduct, the Issuer's global whistleblowing system, some specific cases 
managed through “Speak Up” as well as the overall effectiveness of the system; and 
• 
the Issuer's sustainable business strategy and materiality analysis. 
In 2023, the Audit Committee held five meetings at which the Issuer's external auditor and representatives 
of the Issuer's management were present. 
Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee 
The Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee, which consists of three Board members, is appointed by the 
Board. During 2024/2025, the members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee are Johan Molin 
(Chairman of the Committee), Helena Stjernholm and Claes Boustedt. The Board secretary, Åsa Thunman, 
is also secretary of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee. 
The purpose of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee is to prepare major or strategically important 
acquisitions and divestitures for Board decisions. The Committee meets on an ad hoc basis, at the request 
of the President and CEO in consultation with the Chairman of the Board. 
In 2023, the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee held one meeting. During this meeting the 
Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee reviewed matters related to a proposed acquisition. 
Annual General Meeting 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is a preparatory body that prepares proposals for, among other things, the 
election of the Board, the Chairman of the Board and auditors as well as fees for adoption at the Annual 
General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting has adopted an instruction for the Nomination Committee, 
which includes a procedure for appointing the Nomination Committee, valid until a General Meeting 
resolves on a change. In accordance with this instruction, the Nomination Committee should consist of 
representatives of the four largest shareholders, in terms of the number of votes, on the final business day 
in August plus the Chairman of the Board (convener). 
For the 2025 Annual General Meeting on 29 April 2025, the Nomination Committee consists of Fredrik 
Lundberg, Chairman (Industrivärden), Daniel Kristiansson (Alecta), Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur 
Funds), Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik’s Chairman of the Board). 
Up to the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the Nomination Committee met on three occasions 
and held separate sessions to interview potential candidates for the Board. Through the Issuer's Chairman 
of the Board, the Nomination Committee was informed of the results of the Board's own evaluation. The 
Committee also met with the Issuer's President, CEO and CFO to review the company’s strategy. The 
Nomination Committee discussed the general criteria that Board members should fulfil, including the 
independence requirement, and reviewed the number of Board assignments that each Board member has in 
other companies. Furthermore, the Nomination Committee paid special attention to the requirements 
relating to diversity and breadth in terms of qualifications, experience and background, as well as the 
requirement to strive for gender balance. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Corporate governance within the Issuer is based on external rules such as the Swedish Companies Act, the 
Stock Exchange's Rule Book for Issuers, the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the Code) and other 
relevant laws and regulations. The Code is available from corporategovernanceboard.se. In 2023 the Issuer

--- Page 134 ---
134 
UK-#759376029v1 
applied the Code without deviating from any of its regulations. Any content of the website of The Swedish 
Corporate Governance Board shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Marika Fredriksson and Helena Stjernholm are not regarded as independent in relation to major 
shareholders in the Issuer and Stefan Widing is not regarded as independent in relation to the Issuer and its 
executive management. The other five Board members elected by the General Meeting are all independent 
in relation to the Issuer and its executive management, as well as the Issuer's major shareholders. 
Accordingly, the composition of the Board complies with the independence requirements of the Code. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons who are listed 
under Members of the Board and President and Group Executive Management above and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Matters may come before the Board as to which one or more members of the Board have a potential conflict 
of interest. If such a matter arises, any member of the Board with a potential conflict of interest will not 
participate in the discussion or voting with respect to such matter in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the Code. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDINGS 
The Issuer is listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange in Stockholm and is one of the Exchange's oldest 
companies. The Issuer shares can also be traded in the U.S. in the form of American Depositary Receipts. 
The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) maintains a public register of 
senior executives in listed companies, and publishes changes in their shareholdings on a daily basis. 
The Issuer's authorised and issued share capital as at 31 December 2023 is SEK 1,505,263,108 and consists 
of 1,254,385,923 shares. Each share carries one vote. As at 30 September 2024, the Issuer's ten largest 
shareholders held 40.55 per cent. of the total number of shares. They are as follows: Industrivärden (14.56 
per cent.), Alecta Tjänstepension (4.83 per cent.), Swedbank Robur Fonder (3.41 per cent.), BlackRock 
(3.36 per cent), Vanguard (3.35 per cent.), Lundbergföretagen AB (3.15 per cent.), Handelsbanken Fonder 
(2.52 per cent.), SEB Fonder (2.00 per cent.), Norges Bank (1.98 per cent.), and Folksam (1.39 per cent.). 
As far as the Issuer is aware no shareholders' agreement exists between the above shareholders. 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with the Issuer's audited 
financial statements for 2023 and 2022 and the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2024. 
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), 
as endorsed by the EU. In addition, the standard RFR 1 Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups 
accounts, issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board has been applied. The financial statements are 
presented on pages 67 to 71 of the Annual Report of 2023, and pages 68 to 73 of the Annual Report of 
2022. The quarterly financial statements are prepared under IFRS and are unaudited. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures. 
These APMs are not defined by or presented in accordance with IFRS. The APMs are not measurements 
of the Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any 
measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity. 
Metric 
Definition 
ADJUSTED EBIT 
Earnings before interest and taxes adjusted for items affecting 
comparability

--- Page 135 ---
135 
UK-#759376029v1 
Metric 
Definition 
ADJUSTED EBITA 
Earnings before interest and taxes adjusted for items affecting 
comparability, excluding amortizations and other accounting 
effects arising from business combinations 
ADJUSTED EBITA MARGIN 
Earnings before interest and taxes adjusted for items affecting 
comparability, excluding amortizations and other accounting 
effects arising from business combinations in relation to sales 
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER 
SHARE 
Profit/loss adjusted for items affecting comparability attributable to 
equity holders of the Parent Company divided by the average 
number of shares outstanding during the year 
ADJUSTED EPS, DILUTED 
Profit/loss adjusted for items affecting comparability attributable to 
equity holders of the Parent Company divided by the average 
number of shares outstanding during the year including shares that 
will be allotted in the long-term incentive programs 
ADJUSTED EPS, DILUTED 
EXCLUDING SURPLUS 
VALUES 
Profit/loss adjusted for items affecting comparability excluding 
amortizations and other accounting effects, net of tax, arising from 
business combinations attributable to equity holders of the Parent 
Company divided by the average number of shares outstanding 
during the year including shares that will be allotted in the long-
term incentive program 
ADJUSTED PROFIT AFTER 
NET FINANCIAL ITEMS 
Profit after net financial items adjusted from items affecting 
comparability 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
Profit/loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Parent 
Company divided by the average number of shares outstanding 
during the year 
EBIT 
Earnings before interest and taxes 
EBIT MARGIN 
Earnings before interest and taxes in relation to sales 
EQUITY RATIO  
Total equity in relation to total capital  
FREE OPERATING CASH 
FLOW 
Earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation adjusted for non-
cash items plus the change in net working capital minus 
investments and disposals of rental equipment and tangible and 
intangible assets 
ITEMS AFFECTING 
COMPARABILITY (IAC) 
The Issuer reports EBITA, EBIT, profit after net financial items 
and earnings per share adjusted for IAC. IAC includes capital gains 
and losses from divestments and larger restructuring initiatives, 
impairments, capital gains and losses from divestments of financial 
assets as well as other material items having a significant impact on 
the comparability 
LOST TIME INJURY 
FREQUENCY RATE 
(LTIFR) 
Number of lost time injuries per million worked hours 
NET DEBT 
Interest-bearing current and non-current liabilities, including net 
pension liabilities and leases, less cash and cash equivalents 
NET DEBT TO EQUITY 
RATIO 
Interest-bearing current and non-current liabilities, including net 
pension liabilities and leases, less cash and cash equivalents 
divided by total equity 
NET WORKING CAPITAL 
(NWC) 
Total of inventories, trade receivables, account payables and other 
current non-interest-bearing receivables and liabilities, including 
those classified as liabilities and assets held for sale, but excluding 
tax assets and liabilities and provisions 
OPERATING PROFIT 
Earnings before interest and taxes 
ORDER INTAKE 
Order intake for a period refers to the value of all orders received 
for immediate delivery and those orders for future delivery for 
which delivery dates and quantities have been confirmed. General 
sales agreements are included only when they have been finally 
agreed upon and confirmed. Service contracts are included in the 
order intake with the full binding contract amount upon signing 
RATE OF CAPITAL 
TURNOVER 
Revenues for the last quarter annualised divided by average total 
capital

--- Page 136 ---
136 
UK-#759376029v1 
Metric 
Definition 
RELATIVE WORKING 
CAPITAL 
Average working capital for the last four quarters, divided by 
revenues in the last twelve months 
RETURN ON CAPITAL 
EMPLOYED (ROCE) 
Operating profit/loss plus financial income, as a percentage of a 
four quarter average capital employed 
RETURN ON TOTAL 
CAPITAL 
Operating profit/loss plus financial income, as a percentage of four 
quarter average total capital 
RETURN ON TOTAL 
EQUITY 
Consolidated net profit/loss for the year as a percentage of average 
total equity during the year 
TOTAL RECORDABLE 
INJURY FREQUENCY 
RATE (TRIFR) 
Total number of injuries per million worked hours 
 
TROUGH 
Lowest level through an economic cycle 
WORKING CAPITAL 
Total of inventories, trade receivables, account payables and other 
current non-interest-bearing receivables and liabilities, excluding 
tax assets and liabilities and provisions

--- Page 137 ---
137 
UK-#759376029v1 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain EU tax considerations relating to the Notes and also certain 
Swedish tax consequences relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under 
the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Swedish Taxation 
Holders not tax resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the 
holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (a) is not 
resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes or (b) does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden to 
which the Notes are effectively connected.  
However, broadly speaking, provided that the value of or the return on the Notes relates to securities taxed 
as shares, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden for tax purposes due to a habitual abode 
or continuous stay in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten 
calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden 
upon disposal or redemption of such Notes. In a number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is 
limited by the applicable tax treaty. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount 
or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except in relation to certain 
payments of interest (and other distributions on Notes) to a private individual (or the estate of a deceased 
individual) who is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see "Holders tax resident in Sweden" 
below). 
Holders tax resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax 
consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example life insurance 
companies. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of 
Notes realises a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses.  
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in 
Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or clearing institution within the EEA, to a private individual (or an 
estate of a deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary 
taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should 
normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), if the returns are paid out 
together with such a payment of interest referred to above.  
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where

--- Page 138 ---
138 
UK-#759376029v1 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions including the Kingdom 
of Sweden have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication 
of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if 
additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
UK-#759376029v1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Dealers. The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are 
set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 27 October 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that 
Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and 
the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers 
to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and 
any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of 
the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been named to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered 
or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto

--- Page 140 ---
140 
UK-#759376029v1 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in 
that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and

--- Page 141 ---
141 
UK-#759376029v1 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Securities Laws 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for

--- Page 142 ---
142 
UK-#759376029v1 
subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definite 
document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not 
result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or the Act on Supplementary Rules to the EU Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lagen 2019:414) med 
kompletterande bestammelser till EU:s prospektförordning) nor any other Swedish enactment. Neither the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) nor any other Swedish public body has 
examined, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or will examine, approve or register this Base 
Prospectus. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(1) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO/Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and  
(2) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
People's Republic of China 
The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the borders of the PRC (which, for such 
purposes, does not include the Hong Kong or Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan province). 
This Base Prospectus or the information contained herein has not been approved by or registered with any 
relevant governmental authorities in the PRC and may not be offered for sale in the PRC. Each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not made, and will not make, any offers, promotions, or 
solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where permitted by 
competent authorities or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC investors are 
responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences (if any) by themselves, 
including, but not limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange 
and other competent regulatory authorities and complying with all relevant PRC regulations (if applicable), 
including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas investment 
regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation

--- Page 143 ---
143 
UK-#759376029v1 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the Relevant Agreement (as defined in the Dealer Agreement) 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the Relevant Agreement or in the relevant Pricing Supplement (in each 
case, where the supplement or modification relates only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
UK-#759376029v1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
on 14 October 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes 
and the update of this Base Prospectus.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, 
nor any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries since 30 September 2024. 
Auditors 
4. 
The consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without 
qualification for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, of Torsgatan 21, 113 97 Stockholm, Sweden, with authorised public 
accountant and member of FAR (the Association of Certified Public Accountants, the institute for 
the accounting profession in Sweden), Anna Rosendal, as auditor-in-charge, who have given and 
have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the 
form and context in which it is included.  
Documents on Display 
5. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof, where applicable) 
may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at the Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom for the 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time) 
(and which may also be inspected at: https://www.home.sandvik/en/investors/corporate-
governance/articles-of-association/);  
(b) 
the audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the unaudited consolidated and 
unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ended 30 September 
2024 
(and 
which 
may 
also 
be 
inspected 
at 
https://www.home.sandvik/en/investors/reports-presentations/); 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or Registered Notes held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
UK-#759376029v1 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference") will also be available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and at https://www.home.sandvik/en/investors/debt-and-
credit-rating/funding-programs and the Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference will remain publicly available for at least 10 years. 
Clearing of the Notes 
6. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, 
in the case of the Swedish Registered Notes, Euroclear Sweden. The appropriate common code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN)in relation to the Notes of each 
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any 
further appropriate information. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210, 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
7. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5299008ZUAXN43LVZF54. 
Issuer website 
8. 
The Issuer's website is www.sandvik.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF or any other competent authority. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically such dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
UK-#759376029v1 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Sandvik AB (publ) 
Kungsbron 1 
 Section G, Floor 5, Box 510 
Stockholm SE-101 30 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole  
Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 
Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577  
Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower One, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris  
France 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 147 ---
147 
UK-#759376029v1 
 
PAYING AGENTS AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
 
 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law: 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
Mannheimer Swartling 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Box 1711 
111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
 
10 Upper Bank Street  
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT(S) 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg