--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Sanofi 
(incorporated with limited liability in France) 
€ 25,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Sanofi (the "Issuer" or 
"Sanofi" or the "Company"), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes") denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein).   
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified on page 1 and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant 
Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as may be amended 
from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity 
as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier, and received the AMF approval no. 23-250 on 28 June 
2023. The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered an endorsement of the Issuer or as endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application will be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU as amended ("EU MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market"). 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing or trading on a Regulated Market or to be admitted to listing or trading on 
such other Regulated Market as may be agreed with the Issuer. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms"), a form of which is contained 
herein, will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
The aggregate nominal amount, interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other specific terms and conditions (which are permitted by Article 26 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended or superseded, to be included in the relevant Final Terms) applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be 
set forth in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading, will be delivered to Euronext Paris before the date of issue of the Notes 
of such Tranche.  
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised 
Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue 
date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1.c.(iv)), in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for 
Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after 
the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to 
non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through 
a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined above). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's short-term and long-term debt are respectively rated (i) P-1 and A1, with a stable outlook, by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's"), (ii) A-1+ and AA, with a stable outlook, by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, France Branch ("S&P") and (iii) S-1+ and AA, with a stable outlook, by Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) Moody's has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured rating of A1 and a short-term rating of P-1, 
(ii) S&P has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured rating of AA, and (iii) Scope has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured rating of AA. The Notes issued 
under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. Where Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered or 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is displayed on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's, S&P and Scope are credit rating agencies established in the 
European Economic Area and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. They appear on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
See "Risk Factors" below for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by prospective investors in connection with an investment in the Notes. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Conditions" or a numbered "Condition" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs of the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below. This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein will be made available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and the Issuer (www.sanofi.com). 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, until 28 June 
2024, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
 
 
Dealers  
 
 
BARCLAYS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
BofA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
MUFG 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NATIXIS 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
UNICREDIT 
 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE 
& INVESTMENT BANKING 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 June 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto published from time to time (each a "Supplement" and together 
the "Supplements")) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the group (the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) taken as a whole (the "Group")) and the Notes which, according to the particular 
nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to any investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any Supplements hereto and with any information incorporated 
by reference herein or therein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, none of them makes 
any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer 
or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any other information supplied 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes (including any Supplements) and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended 
to provide the basis for any appraisal of creditworthiness or other evaluation in respect of the Issuer or (ii) should be considered 
to constitute a recommendation, invitation or offer by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer.  
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the offer, sale and 
delivery of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or the Dealers represent 
that this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by either the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on 
the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any Notes 
come are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Notes 
in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the determination of the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 20181, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will have to be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA") RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors (as defined above) in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS AMENDED, RESTATED, SUPPLEMENTED OR REPLACED FROM TIME TO TIME    
– The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
 
1 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001, as amended, restated, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make 
a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 
309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA)  for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES ............................................................................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 6 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS .............................................................................................................. 36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 38 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................ 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 43 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ............... 91 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................... 92 
BUSINESS OF SANOFI ................................................................................................................................ 93 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS......................................................................................................................... 95 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 108 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... 113 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN  IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS................ 117

--- Page 7 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in 
this general description. 
Issuer: 
Sanofi 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers:  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe  
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
Natixis 
Société Générale 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale" 
below) the appointment of any Dealer may be terminated or further Dealers 
appointed for a particular Tranche of Notes or as Dealers under the Programme. 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency or distributed in a jurisdiction in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below).

--- Page 8 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent 
Redenomination Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas  
Size: 
Up to Euro 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at any 
time. The amount of the Programme may be increased in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
and associated Final Terms (as defined below). 
 
The Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of final terms ("Final Terms") are the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be offered to institutional investors by way of placements on a non-
syndicated or syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, such currencies as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, 
Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, 
Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian kroner, Renminbi, South African 
rand, Sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and United States dollars (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) form. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination and Title".

--- Page 9 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) and on 
redemption. 
 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of the Fixed Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate determined either: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest-rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions (as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française), as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service; 
 
as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent relevant,  as adjusted for 
any applicable margin or any successor or alternative reference rate. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period shall not be 
less than zero per cent. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions relating to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate 
or both (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as selected prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates specified in, or determined pursuant to, the relevant Final Terms and 
will be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as may be agreed and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable until conversion to floating rate of interest (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) at which point floating rate interest will be 
payable. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate either that the Notes 
of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, upon giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period (if any) as is indicated in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will also indicate whether the 
Issuer has a clean-up call option.

--- Page 10 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and 
having a maturity of less than one year, (a) shall have a redemption value of not less 
than £100,000 (or an amount of equivalent value denominated wholly or partly in a 
currency other than sterling), and (b) no part of any such Note may be transferred 
unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent 
amount). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem, in 
whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity, 
at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Denominations: 
Without prejudice to the terms of the immediately following paragraph, Notes will 
be issued in such denominations as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, save that 
all Notes, including Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, shall have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant monetary authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Taxation:  
 
 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to deductions or withholding in respect of any present or 
future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, subject 
to such exceptions as are further set out in Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes as set in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Repayment Events). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unsecured (subject to Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)), unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will rank pari passu 
without any preference or priority among themselves and equally with all other 
existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, other 
than obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's short-term and long-term debt are 
respectively rated (i) P-1 and A1, with a stable outlook, by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's"), (ii) A-1+ and AA, with a stable outlook, by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, France Branch ("S&P") and (iii) S-1+ and AA, with a stable 
outlook, by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
(i) Moody's has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured rating of A1 and a 
short-term rating of P-1, (ii) S&P has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured

--- Page 11 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
rating of AA and (iii) Scope has assigned to the Programme a senior unsecured rating 
of AA.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation  unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation  or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Moody's, S&P and Scope are credit rating agencies established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The 
Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether or not and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s), the Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in 
relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the new application form or the lettre comptable relating to 
such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, Japan, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, France, Hong Kong, the Netherlands, Italy, 
the PRC, Singapore and Switzerland. See "Subscription and Sale" herein. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in any relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the 
issue of any Notes, after deduction of any management and underwriting 
commissions, any selling concessions and, when relevant, the expenses incurred in 
connection with the issue of any Notes, will be used by the Issuer for general 
financing and corporate purposes.

--- Page 12 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
1. 
Risk factors relating to Sanofi  
Sanofi presents below and under the section "Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" on page (ii) of the 
2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F, the significant risk factors to which Sanofi believes it is exposed as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The risk factors considered to be the most important, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact and after consideration of the effects of the measures implemented by Sanofi in order to 
manage these risk factors, are mentioned first in their respective category and followed by an asterisk. Investors are invited to 
read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before investing in Sanofi's securities. Investors' attention is drawn 
to the fact that other risks, not identified as at the date of this Base Prospectus or whose realization is not considered likely to 
have, as at this same date, a significant negative impact on Sanofi's business, financial situation and results, its perspectives, 
its development and/or on Sanofi's securities, may exist or occur.  
A.  Risks Relating to Legal and regulatory matters 
Product liability claims could adversely affect Sanofi's business, results of operations and financial condition*  
Product liability is a significant risk for any pharmaceutical company, given that liability claims relating to Sanofi’s businesses 
are unforeseeable by nature. The evolving regulatory environment worldwide (the ever-more stringent regulatory requirements 
applicable to the pharmaceutical industry, plus more stringent data, quality and supply obligations) clearly impacts Sanofi’s 
potential liability, and Sanofi may incur different liability claims to what it has handled in the past, with regard to their nature, 
scope and level. Substantial damages have been awarded by some jurisdictions and/or settlements agreed - notably in the 
United States and other common law jurisdictions - against pharmaceutical companies based on claims for injuries allegedly 
caused by the use of their products. Such claims can also lead to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining sales, and/or be 
accompanied by consumer fraud claims by customers, third-party payers seeking reimbursement of the cost of the product 
and/or other claims, including potential civil or criminal governmental actions. 
Sanofi is currently defending a number of product liability claims (see Note D.22.a.) to the consolidated financial statements 
included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F) notably with respect to Taxotere®, Zantac® and Depakine® and 
there is a risk that the Group might not be successful in defending these claims, or that it might face additional claims in 
the future.  
Establishing the full side effect profile of a pharmaceutical drug goes beyond data derived from preapproval clinical studies 
which may only involve several hundred to several thousand patients. Routine review and analysis of the continually growing 
body of post-marketing safety data, and clinical trials provide additional information - for example, potential evidence of rare, 
population-specific or long-term adverse events or of drug interactions that were not observed in preapproval clinical studies. 
This causes product labeling to evolve over time, following interactions with regulatory authorities, which may include 
restrictions of therapeutic indications, new contraindications, warnings or precautions and occasionally even the suspension 
or withdrawal of a product marketing authorization. Following any of these events, pharmaceutical companies can face 
significant product liability claims (see Note D.22.a.) to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 
Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
Furthermore, Sanofi commercializes several devices (some of which use new technologies) which, if they malfunction, could 
cause unexpected damage and lead to product liability claims (see "Breaches of data security, disruptions of information 
technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm" below). 
Although Sanofi continues to insure a portion of its product liability with third-party carriers, product liability coverage is 
increasingly difficult and costly to obtain, particularly in the United States. In the future, it is possible that self-insurance may 
become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the financial risk associated with product liability in 
Sanofi's pharmaceuticals and vaccines businesses (see "Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – B.9. 
Insurance and Risk Coverage" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). In cases where Sanofi self-insures, the legal costs 
that Sanofi would bear for handling such claims and potential damage awards to be paid to claimants, could have a negative 
impact on its financial condition. Due to insurance conditions, even when the Group has insurance coverage, recoveries from 
insurers may not be totally successful due to market-driven insurance limitations and exclusions. Moreover, insolvency of an 
insurer could affect Sanofi's ability to recover claims on policies for which Sanofi has already paid a premium.

--- Page 13 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the Group's defense, are costly, divert 
management's attention, may harm Sanofi's reputation and can impact the demand for its products and generate speculative 
news flows and/or rumors relating to such claims. Substantial product liability claims could materially adversely affect its 
business, results of operations and financial condition and/or may have an impact on market perception of Sanofi and 
negatively affect its stock price. 
Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, pricing, human 
rights of workers, data protection and other legal matters could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial condition  
Sanofi's industry is heavily regulated and legal requirements vary from country to country, and new requirements are imposed 
on Sanofi's industry from time to time. Governments and regulatory authorities around the world have been strengthening 
implementation and enforcement activities in recent years, including in relation to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ethical 
requirements with respect to medical and scientific research, interactions with healthcare professionals and payers, respect of 
the human rights of workers and data protection legislation. Sanofi also operates in an environment that relies on the collection, 
processing, analysis and interpretation of large sets of patients’ and other individuals’ personal information, and the operation 
of its business requires data to flow freely across borders of numerous countries. 
Sanofi has adopted a Code of Conduct that requires employees to comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the 
specific principles and rules of conduct set forth in the Code. Sanofi also has policies and procedures designed to help ensure 
that Sanofi, its officers, employees, agents, intermediaries and other third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations 
(including but not limited to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the UK Bribery Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery 
Convention, the French Anti-Corruption measures law ("Sapin II") and the French duty of vigilance law and other anti-bribery 
laws and regulations). 
Notwithstanding these efforts, failure to comply with laws and regulations (including as a result of a business partner's breach) 
may occur and could result in liabilities for Sanofi and/or its management. 
With respect to data protection legislation, such as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") in Europe, the Personal 
Information Protection Law (“PIPL”) enacted in 2021 in China, or other significant privacy legislation, including in the United 
States the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), and case law bring legal uncertainty regarding cross border data flows. 
Such uncertainty could result in an operational risk limiting or preventing the transfer of data across borders, which may have 
an impact on Sanofi’s activities (e.g. on clinical trials). The breach of these regulations could also carry financial sanctions 
and may also harm Sanofi’s reputation and those of its activities that rely on personal data processing. In addition, some 
uncertainty remains with respect to the legal and regulatory environment for these evolving privacy and data protection laws 
in the absence of clear guidance. 
Sanofi and certain of its subsidiaries could become the subject of investigations or proceedings by various government entities 
or could face audits and/or litigation, including allegations of corruption, claims related to employment matters, patent and 
intellectual property disputes, consumer law claims and tax audits. Sanofi is currently defending itself in a number of lawsuits 
relating to pricing and marketing practices (including, for example, “whistleblower” litigation in the United States). With 
respect to tax issues, the complexity of the fiscal environment, is such that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result 
in payments that are greater or less than the amounts Sanofi has accrued. See "Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Other Financial Information – Information on Legal or Arbitration Proceedings" and Note D.22. 
to Sanofi's consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F. In addition, 
responding to such investigations is costly and may divert management's attention from its business. 
Unfavorable outcomes in any of these matters, or in similar matters that may arise in the future, could preclude the 
commercialization of its products, harm its reputation, negatively affect the profitability of existing products and subject Sanofi 
to substantial fines, punitive damages, penalties and injunctive or administrative remedies, potentially leading to the imposition 
of additional regulatory controls, monitoring or self-reporting obligations, or exclusion from government reimbursement 
programs or markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial 
condition. 
The unpredictability of these proceedings could lead Sanofi, after consideration of all relevant factors, to enter into settlement 
agreements to settle certain claims. Such settlements may involve significant monetary payments and/or potential criminal 
penalties, and may include admissions of wrongdoing and may require entering into a Corporate Integrity Agreement ("CIA") 
or a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (in the United States), which is intended to regulate company behavior for a specified 
number of years. For example, on 28 February 2020, Sanofi US entered into a civil settlement with the United States

--- Page 14 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Department of Justice and agreed to pay approximately $11.85 million to resolve allegations regarding certain charitable 
donations Sanofi US made to an independent patient assistance foundation that assisted patients being treated for Multiple 
Sclerosis. In connection with this settlement, Sanofi US also entered into a CIA with the Office of the Inspector General for 
the United States Department of Health and Human Services effective the same day which will require the Company to meet 
and maintain certain compliance requirements in the United States. 
Sanofi's activities (including its products and manufacturing activities) are subject to significant government regulations 
and regulatory approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to its business if Sanofi fails to 
anticipate the regulations, comply with them, maintain the required approvals, and/or adapt to changes in applicable 
regulations 
Obtaining a marketing authorization for a product is a long and highly regulated process requiring Sanofi to present extensive 
documentation and data to the relevant regulatory authorities either at the time of the filing of the application for a marketing 
authorization or later during its review. Each regulatory authority may impose its own requirements which can evolve over 
time. Each regulatory authority may also delay or refuse to grant approval even though a product has already been approved 
in another country. Regulatory authorities are increasingly strengthening their requirements on product safety and risk/benefit 
profiles. All of these requirements, including post-marketing requirements, have increased the costs associated with 
maintaining marketing authorizations. 
Moreover, to monitor Sanofi's compliance with applicable regulations, the FDA, EMA, WHO and comparable national 
agencies in other jurisdictions routinely conduct regulatory inspections of the Group facilities, distribution centers, commercial 
activities and development centers (including hospitals) and may identify potential deficiencies. For example, in November 
2020, the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the Biologics License Application (BLA) for sutimlimab, 
an investigational monoclonal antibody being studied for the treatment of hemolysis in adults with cold agglutinin disease, 
referring to certain deficiencies identified by the agency during a pre-license inspection of a third-party facility responsible for 
manufacturing. More generally, if Sanofi fails to adequately respond to regulatory inspection observations identified during 
an inspection, or fails to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at all or within the targeted timeline, it could be 
subject to enforcement, remedial and/or punitive actions by the FDA (such as a Warning Letter, injunction, seizure or cease 
and desist order), the EMA or other regulatory authorities.  
In addition, Sanofi has an obligation to monitor and report adverse events and safety signals. In order to comply with these 
duties, Sanofi must regularly train its employees and certain third parties (such as external sales forces and distributor 
employees) on regulatory matters, including on pharmacovigilance. If Sanofi fails to train these people, or fails to train them 
appropriately, or if they do not comply with contractual requirements, it may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not 
reported or not reported in a timely manner in breach of its reporting obligations. 
Due to geopolitical constraints, Sanofi may face delays in its clinical trials due to restrictions imposed on clinical trial sites, 
and/or delays in the initiation and enrollment of patients in its clinical trials, and/or disruptions related to regulatory approvals 
and/or delays in label expansions for existing products. Sanofi may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could 
negatively impact the timing of its pipeline development programs and may have a negative impact on its product development 
and launches and hence on future product sales, business and results of operations. 
In addition, all aspects of its business, including research and development, manufacturing, marketing, reimbursement, pricing 
and sales, are subject to extensive legislation and governmental regulation. Changes in applicable laws and the costs of 
compliance with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on its business. 
For example, in response to the European Union regulations for Medical Devices (EU MDR), which entered into force in May 
2021, Sanofi created the EU MDR task force. This task force was commissioned to address the risk of potential delays in 
approvals (for new drug-device combination products, for substantial changes to the design or intended purpose of the device 
component of already approved drug-device combination products, and for medical devices) and of product discontinuation 
(for some legacy medical devices), as well as compliance risks for existing products due to increased requirements for post-
marketing surveillance, clinical evaluations, traceability and transparency. A similar task force was set up in the first quarter 
of 2021 to examine risks related to the new regulations for In-Vitro Diagnostic Devices (IVDR) implemented in May 2022.  
For information about risks related to changes:  
◦ 
in proprietary rights rules and regulations, see "Sanofi relies on its patents and other proprietary rights to provide 
exclusive rights to market certain of its products. If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated or 
circumvented, Sanofi's financial results could be adversely affected" below; and

--- Page 15 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
◦ 
 in environmental rules and regulations, see "Management of the historical contamination related to Sanofi's past 
industrial activities could adversely impact its results of operations and reputation" below. 
 
In addition, changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or exposures to additional tax liabilities around the world 
could negatively impact Sanofi’s operating results. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related 
expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. 
Furthermore, most of the jurisdictions in which Sanofi operates have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which 
provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on its revenues and capital gains. However, the outcome of 
those mechanisms developed to resolve such conflicting claims can be uncertain and can be expected to be very lengthy. 
Accruals for tax contingencies are made based on experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions 
by tax authorities. However, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result 
in payments materially different from the amounts accrued. 
In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") launched a new initiative to work 
toward a global tax framework that ensures inter alia a reallocation of taxing rights to market jurisdictions and also introduces 
a global standard on minimum taxation combined with new tax dispute resolution processes. Sanofi expects there to be a 
continued focus on tax reform, driven by initiatives by the OECD, as well as the European Union and several jurisdictions 
where it operates, to address the aforementioned tax challenges, which may result in significant changes to established tax 
principles and an increase in tax authority disputes. These may be costly, divert management attention and adversely impact 
its reputation and relationship with key stakeholders. 
Sanofi relies on its patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of its products. If such 
patents and other rights were limited, invalidated or circumvented, Sanofi’s financial results could be adversely affected 
Through patent and other proprietary rights, such as data exclusivity or supplementary protection certificates in Europe, Sanofi 
holds exclusivity rights for a number of its research-based products. However, the protection that Sanofi is able to obtain varies 
in its duration and scope. Furthermore, patents and other proprietary rights do not always provide effective protection for its 
products. Sanofi cannot be certain that it will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in important 
markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated. 
For example, governmental authorities are increasingly looking to facilitate generic and biosimilar competition for existing 
products through new regulatory proposals intended to achieve, or resulting in, changes to the scope of patent or data 
exclusivity rights and through the use of accelerated regulatory pathways for generic and biosimilar drug approvals. Such 
regulatory proposals could make patent prosecution for new products more difficult and time consuming or could adversely 
affect the exclusivity period for Sanofi's products. 
Moreover, manufacturers of generic products or biosimilars are increasingly seeking to challenge patent validity or coverage 
before the patents expire, and manufacturers of biosimilars or interchangeable versions of the products are seeking to have 
their version of the product approved before the exclusivity period ends. Furthermore, in an infringement suit against a third-
party, Sanofi may not prevail and the decision rendered may not conclude that its patent or other proprietary rights are valid, 
enforceable or infringed. Its competitors may also successfully avoid its patents. Even in cases where Sanofi ultimately prevails 
in an infringement claim, legal remedies available for harm caused to Sanofi by infringing products may be inadequate to 
make Sanofi whole. Moreover, a successful result against a competing product for a given patent or in a specific country is 
not necessarily predictive of its future success against another competing product or in another country because of local 
variations in the patents and patent laws. 
In addition, if Sanofi loses patent protection as a result of an adverse court decision or a settlement, it faces the risk that 
government and private third-party payers and purchasers of pharmaceutical products may claim damages alleging they have 
over-reimbursed or overpaid for a drug. For example, in 2009, in Australia, Sanofi's patent on clopidogrel was ultimately held 
invalid. Following this decision, the Australian Government sought damages for its alleged over-reimbursement of clopidogrel 
drugs due to the preliminary injunction Sanofi had secured against the sale of generic clopidogrel during the course of 
the litigation. The latest Australian Government's claim was dismissed following a decision of the Full Court of the Federal 
Court of Australia on 26 June 2023. 
Sanofi also relies on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, which it 
seeks to protect through various measures, including confidentiality agreements with licensees, employees, third-party 
collaborators, and consultants who may have access to such information. If these agreements are breached or Sanofi’s other 
protective measures should fail, then its contractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover its losses.

--- Page 16 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
In certain cases, to terminate or avoid patent litigation, Sanofi or its collaboration partners may be required to obtain licenses 
from the holders of third-party intellectual property rights. Any payments under these licenses may reduce Sanofi's profits 
from such products and Sanofi may not be able to obtain these licenses on favorable terms or at all. 
Third parties may also request a preliminary or permanent injunction in a country from a court of law to prevent Sanofi from 
marketing a product if they consider that Sanofi infringes their patent rights in that country.  If third parties obtain a preliminary 
or permanent injunction or if Sanofi fails to obtain a required license for a country where valid third-party intellectual property 
rights as confirmed by a court of law exist, or if Sanofi is unable to alter the design of its technology to fall outside the scope 
of third-party intellectual property rights, Sanofi may be unable to market some of its products in certain countries, which may 
limit its profitability. 
In addition, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require Sanofi to challenge intellectual property rights held by 
others that it believes were improperly granted, including through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not 
always be successful. Third parties may claim that Sanofi’s products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by 
them. Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product 
launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages. 
Furthermore, some countries may consider granting a compulsory license to a third-party to use patents protecting an 
innovator's product, which limits the value of the patent protection granted to such products. 
Sanofi has increased the proportion of biological therapeutics in its pipeline relative to traditional small molecule 
pharmaceutical products. Typically, the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of biological therapeutics is 
complicated by third-party intellectual property rights (otherwise known as freedom to operate (FTO) issues), to a greater 
extent than for the small molecule therapeutics, because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, its 
ability to successfully challenge third-party patent rights is dependent on the legal interpretation and case law of national 
courts. In addition, Sanofi expects to face increasing competition from biosimilars in the future. With the accelerated regulatory 
pathways provided in the United States and Europe for biosimilar drug approval, biosimilars can be a threat to the exclusivity 
of any biological therapeutics Sanofi sells or may market in the future and can pose the same issues as the small molecule 
generic threat described above. If a biosimilar version of one of Sanofi's products were to be approved, it could reduce its sales 
and/or profitability of that product. 
Sanofi currently holds trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which 
may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the 
trademark. As Sanofi’s products mature, its reliance on its trademarks and trade dress to differentiate it from its competitors 
increases and, as a result, its business could be adversely affected if it is unable to prevent third parties from adopting, 
registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate its rights. 
If Sanofi's patents and/or proprietary rights to its products were limited or circumvented, its financial results could be adversely 
affected. 
B. Risks relating to Sanofi's business 
The pricing and reimbursement of Sanofi's products is negatively affected by increasing cost containment pressures and 
decisions of governmental authorities and other third parties* 
The commercial success of Sanofi's existing products and its product candidates depends in part on their pricing and 
reimbursement conditions. Its products are negatively affected by continued downward pricing pressure and scrutiny due, inter 
alia, to: 
• 
stricter price and access controls imposed by governments and other payers around the world:  
o 
requirements for greater transparency around drug pricing and drug development costs, 
o 
widespread use of international reference pricing and therapeutic reference pricing, among other pricing 
methodologies and caps, 
o 
mandatory price cuts, renegotiations, industry payback and rebates, 
o 
delisting from reimbursement and restrictions on the label population, 
o 
access restrictions for high-priced innovative medicines, 
o 
prescribing guidelines and binding medicine utilization controls, 
o 
greater use of tendering and centralized procurement (national/regional/class-wide level),

--- Page 17 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
o 
cross-country cooperation in price negotiations, contracting or procurement, which is already occurring to 
some extent (for example, the COVID-19 Vaccines Global Access (COVAX) initiative, the BeNeLuxA 
alliance in Europe; and the Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO)),  
o 
shifting of the payment burden to US patients and access disruptions through co-pay accumulator and 
maximizer programs as well as alternative funding programs, 
o 
increased utilization management and restrictive formularies (including stepped therapy, strict prior 
authorization criteria, formulary exclusions) mainly by US insurers and pharmacy benefits managers 
(PBMs), 
o 
discriminatory and non-transparent pricing and procurement policies (e.g. government procurement 
restrictions, import bans) in favor of domestic pharmaceutical companies; 
• 
widespread use of health technology assessment ("HTA") to inform coverage and reimbursement decisions: 
o 
more stringent evidence and value requirements (e.g. comparative effectiveness, patient preferences, real-
world evidence, health economic modelling) by payers and HTA authorities, raising the bar for market 
entry, 
o 
unreasonable thresholds for cost-effectiveness, and 
o 
increasingly restrictive HTA decisions with significant variation across markets; 
• 
increased generic and biosimilar competition, accelerating price erosion: 
o 
next-generation of biosimilars coming to the market across major therapeutic areas, 
o 
potential savings from increased biosimilar use, expected to be a cumulative $285 billion globally through 
2025 according to the IQVIA Institute, and 
o 
evolving regulatory landscapes to support interchangeability (e.g. in the US and EU) and pharmacy 
substitution (e.g. in the EU Nordic countries, Germany and France). 
 
In the United States, which accounted for 42.5% of Sanofi’s net sales in 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was enacted 
in August 2022 with drug pricing provisions that became effective in 2022, and will become effective in 2025 and 2026. Key 
policies related to federal government price negotiations, inflation penalties and Medicare Part D benefit redesign are likely to 
have a negative impact on industry revenue growth and future innovation, though there remains significant uncertainty over 
the negotiation provision and the impact of Medicare reforms. 
In addition, the continuing vertical integration and consolidation of the US health insurance market exposes the industry to 
greater pricing pressure. With the three largest pharmacy benefit manager group purchasing organizations (PBM GPOs) (i.e. 
Ascent, Emisar and Zinc) now covering over 85% of prescription drug claims, consolidation has led to increased utilization 
management and restrictive formularies, resulting in strong bargaining power to negotiate discounted prices, thereby adversely 
impacting Sanofi’s sales. 
Other risks include the increasing focus on price transparency, persistent supply chain challenges due to high dependency on 
active pharmaceuticals ingredients ("API") imports and interest in “Buy American” procurement rules. If Sanofi had to source 
APIs from the US, where they are more expensive than in other countries, the current cost containments would not allow it to 
reflect the corresponding increase on its prices which would impact the margins on its products. Other risks also include 
continued growth of the federal 340B drug pricing program. 
In China, Sanofi continues to face increasing local competition. Price pressure is likely to intensify across its portfolio as a 
growing number of its products are subject to national reimbursement drug list ("NRDL") price negotiations and national 
volume-based procurement ("VBP") tenders, with the lowest prices prevailing. Innovative oncology products, in particular, 
are experiencing additional access challenges, as seen with the exclusion of imported PD-1 inhibitors from the NRDL in the 
last two years, in favor of domestically developed treatments. Further expansion of the VBP policy to biologics and biosimilars 
also poses a growing threat to Sanofi’s key established products, with over 500 drugs targeted for inclusion by 2025. 
In Europe, there are risks of tighter cost-containment policies exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, rising inflation and 
volatile energy prices. Industry payback and mandatory rebates are expected to increase at unprecedented rates in 2023 in 
major EU markets, particularly in Germany and the UK. 
At EU level, there continue to be growing concerns over the current direction of the European Commission’s wide-ranging 
Pharmaceutical Strategy for Europe, and the related ongoing review of intellectual property protections and the Orphan 
Medicines Regulation. The policies under consideration could have a far-reaching impact on Sanofi’s Rare Diseases pipelines, 
and have the potential to jeopardize incentives for EU innovation and competitiveness. Sanofi will pursue its current efforts

--- Page 18 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
towards shaping and improving the EU pharmaceutical legislation, while creating the conditions of an EU biopharma 
innovation ecosystem, based on a vision combining pharmaceutical and industrial strategies. 
In addition, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of the EU HTA Regulation by 2025. Sanofi created an internal 
EU HTA task force in early 2022 in order to engage with stakeholders with one voice and ensure preparedness for the new EU 
framework. 
Furthermore, the EU joint procurement initiative aimed at combining the procurement actions of two or more contracting 
authorities, as used in the context of COVID-19 pandemic, may gain traction outside the health emergency context, in 
particular for high-cost medicines and vaccines. Sanofi therefore anticipate greater pricing pressure and potential risk of net 
price transparency. This could have an impact an impact on Sanofi’s Specialty Care portfolio, especially for oncology and rare 
diseases. 
Sanofi's research and development efforts may not succeed in adequately renewing its product portfolio* 
Discovering and developing a new product is a costly, lengthy and uncertain process. To be successful in the highly competitive 
pharmaceutical industry, Sanofi must commit substantial resources each year to research and development in order to develop 
new products to compensate for decreasing sales of products facing patent expiration and termination of regulatory data 
exclusivity, introduction of lower-priced generics, or competition from new products of competitors that are perceived as being 
superior or equivalent to Sanofi products. Sanofi must pursue both early-stage research and early and late development stages 
in order to propose a sustainable and well-balanced portfolio of products. In 2022, Sanofi spent €6,706 million on research 
and development, amounting to 15.6% of its net sales. Failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, 
product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of Sanofi’s 
pipeline. 
Sanofi prioritizes five potentially transformative therapies in areas of high unmet patient need: fitusiran and ALTUVIIIOTM 
(efanesoctocog alfa) for hemophilia; amlitelimab (atopic dermatitis); Beyfortus® (nirsevimab) for respiratory syncytial virus; 
and tolebrutinib (multiple sclerosis). Sanofi also announced its decision to discontinue its research efforts in diabetes and 
cardiovascular diseases and refocus its R&D strategy on oncology, immunology and inflammation, multiple sclerosis,  
neurology and rare diseases and rare blood disorders. In 2021, Sanofi acquired Translate Bio to accelerate the deployment of 
mRNA technology for the development of new vaccines, including for seasonal influenza, and beyond vaccines, therapeutics 
where there is a strong unmet medical need. However, mRNA technology is still in its early days and the ability of this 
technology to produce strong results and safety still remains to be fully asserted. Sanofi may also fail to improve its 
development productivity sufficiently to sustain its pipeline (see also “Sanofi may fail to successfully identify external business 
opportunities or realize the anticipated benefits from its strategic investments or divestments” below). Other new innovations 
under investigations, such as natural killer (NK) cells and conditionally activated biologics, raise similar uncertainties.  
In addition, the competitive landscape includes a high level of uncertainty as numerous companies are working on or may be 
evaluating similar targets and a product considered as promising at the beginning of its development may become less attractive 
if a competitor addressing the same unmet need reaches the market earlier. There is a risk that some of Sanofi's product 
candidates might be proven unsafe or ineffective (see "Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – B.5. 
Global Research & Development" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). Over these research and development cycles 
usually spanning several years, there is a substantial risk at each stage of development including pre-clinical activities and 
clinical trials - that Sanofi will not achieve its goals of safety and/or efficacy and that Sanofi will have to abandon a product 
in which it has invested substantial amounts of money and human resources. For instance, in 2022 patient enrollment of Phase 
III tolebrutinib trials paused globally after a decision of the FDA regarding potential side effects. As another example, the 
global clinical development program of amcenestrant (breast cancer) was discontinued in August 2022 following the outcome 
of the prespecified interim analysis of a Phase III trial. More and more trials are designed with clinical endpoints of superiority; 
failure to achieve those endpoints could damage the product's outlook and Sanofi's overall development program.  
Decisions concerning the studies to be carried out can have a significant impact on the marketing strategy for a given product. 
Multiple in-depth studies can demonstrate that a product has additional benefits, facilitating the product's marketing, but such 
studies are expensive and time consuming and may delay the product's submission to regulatory authorities for approval. 
In addition, following (or in some cases contemporaneously with) the marketing authorization, the dossier is also submitted to 
governmental agencies and/or national or regional third-party payers HTA bodies) for review. These HTA bodies evaluate 
evidence on the value of the new product, assess the medical need it serves and provide recommendations on the corresponding 
reimbursement. Such analyses may require additional studies, including comparative studies, which may effectively delay 
marketing, change the population which the new product treats, and add costs to its development. Sanofi's continuous

--- Page 19 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
investments in research and development for future products and for the launches of newly registered molecules could therefore 
result in increased costs without a proportionate increase in revenues, which would negatively affect Sanofi's operating results 
and profitability. 
Lastly, there is a risk that some products approved or launched might not achieve commercial success. 
In addition, even after a product reaches the market, certain developments following regulatory approval may decrease demand 
for Sanofi’s products. Clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed drugs have the potential to raise 
concerns among some prescribers and patients relating to the safety or efficacy of pharmaceutical products in general, which 
could negatively affect the sales of such products or lead to increased volatility in market reaction. 
Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, 
competitive, operational, business or reputational harm* 
Sanofi's business depends heavily on the use of interdependent information technology systems including internet-based 
systems and digital tools. Certain key areas such as research and development, production and sales are to a large extent 
dependent on Sanofi information systems (including cloud-based computing) or those of third-party providers (including for 
the storage and transfer of critical, confidential, sensitive or personal information regarding its patients, clinical trials, vendors, 
customers, employees, collaborators and others). Sanofi is therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents and 
misuse or manipulation of any of these IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information or the modification of 
critical data. 
Sanofi and its third-party service providers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors or other contracting third parties 
use, to the best of its ability, secure information technology systems for the protection of data and threat detection. Like many 
companies, Sanofi may experience certain of the following events which pose a risk to the security and availability of these 
systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Sanofi’s sensitive data: breakdown, outages, service 
disruption or impairment, data loss or deterioration in the event of a system malfunction, or increasing threat of data theft or 
corruption in the event of a cyber-attack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks, insider threat attacks, cybercrimes, 
including state-sponsored cybercrimes, malware, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events.  
Also, in the event of an attack, U.S. and European legislation related to the financing of terrorism imposes increasing 
restrictions on payments of ransom. As a result, Sanofi’s ability to recover the data might be limited. Therefore, its business 
continuity could be at risk if Sanofi is unable to recover data through back-ups and restorations. 
Each of these events could negatively impact important processes, such as scientific research and clinical trials, the submission 
of outcomes to health authorities for marketing authorizations, the functioning of production processes and the supply chain, 
compliance with legal requirements, trade secrets, security strategies and other key activities, including Sanofi's employees' 
ability to communicate between themselves as well as with third parties (see also "Product liability claims could adversely 
affect Sanofi's business, results of operations and financial condition" above). This could result in material financial, legal, 
competitive, operational, business or reputational harm. 
Although Sanofi maintains relevant insurance coverage, this insurance may not be sufficiently available in the future to cover 
the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of its systems. For example, 
certain types of cyber-attacks could be considered as an Act of War subject to insurance exclusion. 
 
The manufacture of Sanofi's products is technically complex, and supply interruptions, product recalls or inventory losses 
caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely affect its operating results and financial condition, delay the 
launch of new products and negatively impact its image* 
Many of Sanofi's products are manufactured using technically complex processes with production constraints, including the 
need for specialized facilities, trained and certified employees, and highly specific raw materials. Sanofi must ensure that all 
manufacturing processes comply with (i) current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), (ii) other applicable regulations 
issued by governmental health authorities around the world, as well as (iii) Sanofi’s own quality standards. Third parties supply 
Sanofi with a portion of its raw materials, active ingredients and medical devices, which exposes Sanofi to the risk of a supply 
shortage or interruption in the event that these suppliers are unable to manufacture its products in line with quality standards 
or if they experience financial difficulties. For example, in 2021 Genzyme sold a manufacturing facility located in Allston 
Landing in the United States to a third party, which is in particular involved in the production of Cerezyme®. Sanofi now relies 
on that third party for certain manufacturing and testing operations pursuant to the terms and conditions of relevant contractual

--- Page 20 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
agreements with such third party. The manufacturing and testing operations performed on Genzyme’s behalf at the Allston 
Landing facility are subject to the terms of a consent decree requiring ongoing compliance therewith, which was entered into 
between Genzyme and the US government in 2010. Sanofi now relies on the third party that acquired the Allston Landing site 
to perform manufacturing and testing services on its behalf and to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the 
aforementioned consent decree. Sanofi could be subject to product supply risk if the third party is unable to supply product to 
it and to regulatory action if the third-party acquirer of the Allston Landing site fails to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations, including cGMP, when performing the relevant services. 
Epidemics and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, expose Sanofi to risks of a slowdown or temporary 
suspension in the production of its APIs, raw materials and some of its products. Any prolonged restrictive measures put in 
place in order to control an outbreak of contagious disease or other adverse public health development, in any of its principal 
production sites, may have a material and adverse effect on its manufacturing operations. Any of these factors could adversely 
affect Sanofi's business, operating results or financial condition (see "Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business 
Overview – B.8. Production and Raw Materials" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F for a description of these 
outsourcing arrangements and "The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related developments, including measures 
implemented in response thereto, may adversely impact Sanofi's business, operations and financial performance remains 
uncertain" below). 
Sanofi’s business may require the transformation and adaptation of its plants in order to ensure the continuity of production of 
its products in sufficient quantities to satisfy demand. This may be necessary to meet the need for the production of new 
products, including biologics, or to ensure the scaling up production of products under development once approved. This need 
may also result from new regulatory requirements; for example, the fact that insulin is no longer regulated by the FDA as a 
drug but rather as a biologic requires significant transformation and adaptation of Sanofi’s insulin manufacturing plant in 
Frankfurt, with no guarantee that Sanofi will manage to complete that plan within the expected time. Furthermore, Sanofi's 
biological products, in particular, are subject to the risk of manufacturing stoppages or the risk of loss of inventory because of 
the difficulties inherent in the processing of biological materials and the potential difficulties in accessing adequate amounts 
of raw materials meeting required standards. In addition, specific storage and distribution conditions are required for many 
biological products (for example, cold storage is required for certain vaccines, insulin-based products and some hemophilia 
products). These production difficulties may also be encountered during testing, which is a mandatory requirement prior to 
drug products being released. For example, in early 2022, Sanofi encountered supply constraints of Kevzara® (sarilumab) due 
to an increase in the global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers and the tocilizumab shortage announced in mid-August 2021. 
Sanofi therefore needed to prioritize access for indicated patients with rheumatoid arthritis. 
The complexity of Sanofi's production processes, as well as standards required for the manufacture of its products, subject 
Sanofi to risks because the investigation and remediation of any identified or suspected problems can cause production delays, 
substantial expense, product recalls or lost sales and inventories, and delay the launch of new products; this could adversely 
affect Sanofi's operating results and financial condition, and cause reputational damage and the risk of product liability 
(see – "Product liability claims could adversely affect Sanofi's business, results of operations and financial condition" above). 
In addition, some of Sanofi’s production sites, and some of its suppliers' and/or contractors’ sites, are located in areas exposed 
to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes and hurricanes. Such disasters could be exacerbated by climate change. In the 
event of a major disaster, Sanofi could experience severe destruction or interruption of its operations and production capacity 
at these sites. 
When manufacturing disruptions occur, Sanofi may not have alternate manufacturing capacity, particularly for certain 
biologics. In the event of manufacturing disruptions, Sanofi's ability to use backup facilities or set up new facilities is more 
limited because biologics are more complex to manufacture and generally require dedicated facilities. Even though Sanofi 
aims to have backup sources of supply whenever possible, including by manufacturing backup supplies of its principal active 
ingredients at additional facilities when practicable, Sanofi cannot be certain they will be sufficient if its principal sources 
become unavailable. Switching sources and manufacturing facilities requires significant time and prior approval by health 
authorities. 
Supply shortages generate even greater negative reactions when they occur with respect to life saving medicines with limited 
or no viable therapeutic alternatives. Shortages of specific products can have a negative impact on the confidence of patients, 
customers and professional healthcare providers and the image of the Group and may lead to lower product revenues. 
A substantial share of the revenue and income of Sanofi depends on the performance of certain flagship products*

--- Page 21 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
As part of the presentation of its strategy in December 2019 Sanofi announced its intent to prioritize its activities on growth 
drivers including Dupixent® and its Vaccines operations, which have been identified as key growth drivers. Nevertheless 
market expansion and new launches of medicines and vaccines may not deliver the expected benefits. 
Sanofi may also encounter failures or delays in its launch strategy (in terms of timing, pricing, market access, marketing efforts 
and dedicated sales forces), such that Sanofi's products that may not deliver the expected benefits. The competitive 
environment for a given product may also have changed by the time of the actual launch, modifying Sanofi's initial 
expectations. The need to prioritize the allocation of resources may also cause delays in or hamper the launch or expansion of 
some of Sanofi's products. 
Also Sanofi currently generates a substantial share of its net sales from certain key products (see "Item 5. Operating and 
Financial Review and Prospects – A.2. Results of Operations – Year ended 31 December 2022 compared with year ended 31 
December 2022 – A.2.1.3/Net Sales – Pharmaceuticals segment"). For example, Dupixent® generated net sales of €8,293 
million in 2022 representing 19.3% of Sanofi’s net sales for the year and is the Group’s biggest product in terms of sale. 
Among its flagship products, Lantus®, Lovenox® and Plavix® already face generic competition on the market. Lantus® is 
particularly important; it was one of Sanofi's leading products in 2022 with net sales of €2,259 million. Aubagio®, another 
leading product, is expected to face generic competition in the US starting from March 2023, following a settlement agreement 
entered into in 2017. In Europe, Aubagio® generic competition is expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. Jevtana® faced 
generic competition since the end of March 2021 in Europe. 
More generally, an expiration of effective intellectual property protections for its products typically results in the market entry 
of one or more lower-priced generic competitors, often leading to a rapid and significant decline in revenues on those products 
(for information regarding ongoing patent litigation see Note D.22.b) to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 
18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
The introduction of a generic product results in adverse price and volume effects for the branded, or genericized products. For 
example, although Sanofi does not believe it is possible to state with certainty what level of net sales would have been achieved 
in the absence of generic competition, a comparison of its consolidated net sales for 2022 and 2021 for the main products 
affected by generic and biosimilar competition shows a loss of €325 million of net sales on a reported basis (see "Item 5. 
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – A.1.2. Impacts of Competition from Generics and Biosimilars" of the 2022 
Annual Report on Form 20-F). However, other parameters may have contributed to the loss of sales, such as a fall in the 
average price of certain products (e.g. Lantus®).  
Furthermore, in general, if one or more of its flagship products were to encounter problems (such as material product liability 
litigation, unexpected side effects, product recalls, non-approval by the health authorities of a new indication for a marketed 
product, pricing pressure and manufacturing or supply issues), the adverse impact on its business, results of operations and 
financial condition could be significant. 
Sanofi relies on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing and distribution of some of its products 
Sanofi's industry is both highly collaborative and competitive, whether in the discovery and development of new products, in-
licensing, the marketing and distribution of approved products, or manufacturing activities. Sanofi expects that it will continue 
to rely on third parties for key aspects of its business and Sanofi needs to ensure its attractiveness as a potential partner. 
Sanofi conducts a number of significant research and development programs and market some of its products in collaboration 
with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. For example, Sanofi currently has a global strategic collaboration 
with Regeneron on monoclonal antibodies for the development and commercialization of Dupixent®, Kevzara® (sarilumab) 
and SAR440340 (REGN3500- itepekimab) (see "Item 5. Financial Presentation of Alliances — A.1.7.1/ Alliance 
Arrangements with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc"). Sanofi relies upon Regeneron to successfully carry out their 
responsibilities with regard to the manufacture and supply of these collaboration antibodies (see "Item 4. Information on the 
Company — B. Business Overview" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). Finally, Sanofi may also rely on partners to 
design and manufacture medical devices, notably for the administration of its products.  
As regards products recently launched or under development for which Sanofi has a collaboration agreement with partners, 
the terms of the applicable alliance agreement may require Sanofi to share profits and losses arising from commercialization 
of such products with its partners. This differs from the treatment of revenue and costs generated by other products for which 
Sanofi has no alliance agreement, and such profit sharing may deliver a lower contribution to its financial results.

--- Page 22 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Sanofi could also be subject to the risk that it may not properly manage the decision-making process with its partners. Decisions 
may be controlled by or subject to the approval of its collaboration partners, who may have views that differ from Sanofi's. 
Sanofi is also subject to the risk that its partners may not perform effectively, which could have a detrimental effect when our 
collaboration partners are responsible for the performance of certain key tasks or functions, for example related to 
manufacturing. Any such failures in the development process or differing priorities may adversely affect Sanofi’s business 
including the activities conducted through the collaboration arrangements. Sanofi also cannot guarantee that third-party 
manufacturers will be able to meet its near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. For instance, following the 
completion of the spin-off of EUROAPI in May 2022, EUROAPI became a third-party manufacturer and will continue to 
manufacture a certain number of APIs for Sanofi. Sanofi is also subject to the risk that contract research organizations or other 
vendors (for instance regarding digital activities) retained by it or its collaboration partners may not perform effectively. 
Sanofi could face conflicts or difficulties with its partners during the course of these agreements or at the time of their renewal 
or renegotiation, or any disruption in the relationships with its partners may affect the development, manufacturing, launch 
and/or marketing of certain of its products or product candidates and may cause a decline in its revenues or otherwise negatively 
affect its results of operations. 
Sanofi is subject to the risk of non-payment by its customers2 
Sanofi runs the risk of delayed payments or even non-payment by its customers, which consist principally of wholesalers, 
distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics and government agencies. This risk is accentuated by recent concentrations among 
distributors and retailers, as well as by uncertainties around global credit and economic conditions, in particular in emerging 
markets. As a result, Sanofi may be affected by fluctuations in the buying patterns of such customers. The United States poses 
particular customer credit risk issues because of the concentrated distribution system: Sanofi's three main customers 
represented respectively 12%, 8% and 7% of its consolidated net sales in 2022. Sanofi is also exposed to large wholesalers in 
other markets, particularly in Europe. An inability of one or more of these wholesalers to honor their debts to Sanofi could 
adversely affect its financial condition (see Note D.34. to Sanofi’s consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 
2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
In some countries, some customers are public or subsidized health systems. The economic and credit conditions in these 
countries may lead to an increase in the average length of time needed to collect on accounts receivable or the ability to collect 
100% of receivables outstanding. Because of this context, Sanofi may need to reassess the recoverable amount of its debts in 
these countries during future financial years. 
Global economic conditions and an unfavorable financial environment could have negative consequences for Sanofi's 
business3 
Over the past several years, growth of the global pharmaceutical market has become increasingly tied to global economic 
growth. In this context, a substantial and lasting slowdown of the global economy, major national economies or emerging 
markets could negatively affect growth in the global pharmaceutical market and, as a result, adversely affect Sanofi's business. 
For example, unpredictable political conditions that currently exist in various parts of the world could have a material negative 
impact on its business. In particular, armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine escalated in 2022. The degree of impact of 
the war between Russia and Ukraine is difficult to predict and will depend on developments outside Sanofi’s control, including, 
but not limited to the duration and severity of the conflict, and the consequences of the ongoing and additional financial and 
economic sanctions imposed by governments in response. Other related issues have arisen or are arising such as regional 
instability; geopolitical uncertainties; adverse effects on fuel and energy costs, supply chains, macroeconomic conditions, 
inflation, and currency exchange rates in various regions of the world; and exposure of third parties to gas shortages. 
Collectively, such unstable conditions could, among other things, disturb the international flow of goods and increase the costs 
and difficulties associated with international transactions.  
Unfavorable economic conditions have reduced the sources of funding for national social security systems, leading to austerity 
measures including heightened pressure on drug prices, increased substitution of generic drugs, and the exclusion of certain 
 
2 The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS 7 as presented in Notes B.8.7., D.10. and  
D.34. to the consolidated financial statements, provided at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F. 
3 The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS 7 as presented in Note B.8.7. to the consolidated financial 
statements, provided at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F.

--- Page 23 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
products from formularies among others (see "– The pricing and reimbursement of Sanofi's products is negatively affected by 
increasing cost containment pressures and decisions of governments and other third parties" above). 
Further, Sanofi's net sales may be negatively impacted by the continuing challenging global economic environment, as high 
unemployment, increases in cost-sharing, and lack of developed third-party payer systems in certain regions may lead some 
patients to switch to generic products, delay treatments, skip doses or use other treatments to reduce their costs. In the 
United States there has been a significant increase in the number of beneficiaries in the Medicaid program, under which sales 
of pharmaceuticals are subject to substantial rebates and, in many US states, to formulary restrictions limiting access to brand-
name drugs, including Sanofi's. Also, employers may seek to transfer a greater portion of healthcare costs to their employees 
due to rising costs, which could lead to further downward price pressure and/or lower demand. 
Sanofi's Consumer Healthcare business could also be adversely impacted by difficult economic conditions as the financial 
resources of its customers may be reduced as a result of the economic situation. 
If economic conditions worsen, or in the event of default or failure of major players including wholesalers or public sector 
buyers financed by insolvent states, the financial situation of the Group, the profitability and results of its operations and the 
distribution channels of its products may be adversely affected. See also "Sanofi is subject to the risk of non-payment by its 
customers" above. 
The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related developments, including measures implemented in response 
thereto, may adversely impact Sanofi's business, operations and financial performance remains uncertain 
Sanofi is unable to predict the impact on its business, operations and financial results that the COVID-19 pandemic would 
have if it continued or resumed with force, including insofar it could lead to lower sales and reduced patient demand and usage 
of certain of its products. 
While economies around the world tend to reopen their economies, the degree to which COVID-19 adversely impacts Sanofi’s 
results in the future is outside the Company’s knowledge or control and will depend on the evolution of the outbreak, its 
mutation, its severity, the actions taken by government authorities to contain the virus or mitigate its impact, and how quickly 
and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Any resurgence in COVID-19 infections or 
emergence of new epidemics could result in the imposition of new constraints and prolonged restrictive measures implemented 
in order to control the spread of the disease. 
In an increasingly budget-constrained healthcare environment as economic disruption have continued due to the pandemic, 
Sanofi expects to see a higher pressure on drug prices worldwide and, in the longer term, a reallocation of funding across 
therapeutic areas, driven in particular by evolving public health priorities, which could negatively impact its business 
operations (see “The pricing and reimbursement of Sanofi's products is negatively affected by increasing cost containment 
pressures and decisions of governmental authorities and other third parties” above). For example, the pandemic may reduce 
Sanofi’s sales in targeted markets due to lower healthcare spending on other diseases and fewer promotional activities. 
The global COVID-19 pandemic has also exposed Sanofi to a disruption or temporary suspension in production of APIs, raw 
materials and some of other products. A revival of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic could expose Sanofi to a 
revival of this risk. Extension of the restrictive measures put in place in order to control the pandemic may lead to 
manufacturing delays or disruptions and supply chain interruptions (including to the extent those measures apply to Sanofi’s 
third-party suppliers) and may have an adverse effect on its business (see “The manufacture of Sanofi's products is technically 
complex, and supply interruptions, product recalls or inventory losses caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales, adversely 
affect its operating results and financial condition, delay the launch of new products and negatively impact its image” above). 
Also, a sudden increase in demand for selected medicinal products can result in short-term unavailability or shortages of raw 
materials. 
Finally, Sanofi cannot predict or reasonably estimate the impact of any potential long-term changes to the healthcare and 
pharmaceutical industries from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The increasing use of social media platforms and new technologies present risks and challenges for Sanofi's business and 
reputation  
Sanofi increasingly relies on social media, new technologies and digital tools to communicate about its products and about 
diseases or to provide health services. The use of these media requires specific attention, monitoring programs and moderation 
of comments. Political and market pressures may be generated by social media because of rapid news cycles. This may result 
in commercial harm, overly restrictive regulatory actions and erratic share price performance. In addition, unauthorized

--- Page 24 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
communications, such as press releases or posts on social media, purported to be issued by Sanofi, may contain information 
that is false or otherwise damaging and could have an adverse impact on its image and reputation and on its stock price. 
Negative or inaccurate posts or comments about Sanofi, its business, directors or officers on any social networking website 
could seriously damage its reputation. In addition, its employees and partners may use social media and mobile technologies 
inappropriately, which may give rise to liability for the Group, or which could lead to breaches of data security, loss of trade 
secrets or other intellectual property or public disclosure of sensitive information. Such uses of social media and mobile 
technologies could have an adverse effect on Sanofi's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
C.  Risks relating to Sanofi's structure and strategy  
Sanofi may fail to successfully identify external business opportunities or realize the anticipated benefits from its strategic 
investments or divestments* 
Sanofi pursues a strategy of selective acquisitions, in-licensing and collaborations in order to reinforce its pipeline and 
portfolio. Sanofi is also proceeding to selective divestments to focus on key business areas. The implementation of this strategy 
depends on the Group's ability to identify transaction opportunities, mobilize the appropriate resources in order to enter into 
agreements in a timely manner and execute these transactions on acceptable economic terms. Moreover, entering into in-
licensing or collaboration agreements generally requires the payment of significant "milestones" well before the relevant 
products reach the market, without any assurance that such investments will ultimately become profitable in the long term 
(see Note D.21.1. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F and 
also  "Sanofi relies on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing and distribution of some of its products" above). 
Once a strategic transaction is agreed upon with a third party, we may not be able to complete the transaction in a timely 
manner or at all. 
For newly acquired activities or businesses Sanofi's growth objectives could be delayed or ultimately not realized, and expected 
synergies could be adversely impacted if, for example: 
• 
Sanofi is unable to quickly or efficiently integrate those activities or businesses; 
• 
key employees leave; or 
• 
Sanofi has higher than anticipated integration costs. 
 
For instance, in 2019 Sanofi had to book a €2.8 billion impairment on Eloctate® acquired through the Bioverativ acquisition 
completed in 2018 due to revisions of previous sales projections. As another example, the Translate Bio acquisition referred 
to above which was completed in 2021 may not generate the expected results in terms of developing new mRNA-based 
products to meet existing or future needs, and the potential of Translate Bio’s mRNA platform may not be realized to its full 
extent or because of the difficulty of integrating the activity quickly and efficiently into the Group. 
Sanofi may also miscalculate the risks associated with business development transactions at the time they are made or may 
lack the resources or ability to access all the relevant information to evaluate such risks properly, including with regard to the 
potential of research and development pipelines, manufacturing issues, tax or accounting issues, compliance issues, or the 
outcome of ongoing legal and other proceedings. It may also take a considerable amount of time and be difficult to implement 
a risk analysis and risk mitigation plan after the acquisition of an activity or business is completed due to lack of historical 
data. Acquired businesses may not always be in full compliance with legal, regulatory or Sanofi standards, including, for 
example, current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), which can be costly and time consuming to remedy. As a result, risk 
management and coverage of such risks, particularly through insurance policies, may prove to be insufficient or ill-adapted.  
With respect to divestments, their financial benefit could be impacted if Sanofi faces significant financial claims or significant 
post-closing price adjustments. Furthermore, the value of the assets to be divested may deteriorate while Sanofi is in the process 
of executing its divestment strategy, with the risk that Sanofi does not realize the anticipated benefits.  
Because of the active competition among pharmaceutical groups for business development opportunities, the Group might not 
be successful in completing these transactions when such opportunities are identified. 
The globalization of the Group's business exposes it to increased risks in specific areas* 
As part of the presentation of its strategy in December 2019, Sanofi identified its strong presence in China among its core 
drivers with a revenue amounting to 7.3% of its net sales in 2022.

--- Page 25 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Nevertheless, the difficulties in operating in emerging markets, a significant decline in the anticipated growth rate or an 
unfavorable movement of the exchange rates of currencies against the euro could impair Sanofi's ability to take advantage of 
growth opportunities and could adversely affect Sanofi's business, results of operations or financial condition. For instance, 
while it continues to be impossible as of the date of this report to predict the economic impact and the magnitude of the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic, if a long-lasting epidemic and prolonged or repeated restrictive measures to control the outbreak were 
to result in an economic slowdown in any of Sanofi's targeted markets, it would reduce its sales due to lower healthcare 
spending on other diseases and fewer promotional activities, and could significantly impact its business operations. 
Furthermore, it is not possible to predict if or how the current health crisis will impact any particular affected jurisdiction, or 
to what extent. (see also "Global economic conditions and an unfavorable financial environment could have negative 
consequences for Sanofi's business" and "The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related developments, including 
measures implemented in response thereto, may adversely impact Sanofi's business, operations and financial performance 
remains uncertain" above). 
Emerging markets also expose Sanofi to more volatile economic conditions, political instability (including a backlash in certain 
areas against free trade), competition from multinational or locally based companies that are already well established in these 
markets, the inability to adequately respond to the unique characteristics of emerging markets (particularly with respect to 
their underdeveloped judicial systems and regulatory frameworks), difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel or maintaining 
the necessary internal control systems, potential exchange controls, weaker intellectual property protection, higher crime levels 
(particularly with respect to counterfeit products), and compliance issues including corruption and fraud (see particularly 
"Claims and investigations relating to ethics and business integrity, competition law, marketing practices, pricing, human 
rights of workers, data protection and other legal matters could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial condition" above). 
Sanofi may fail to develop or take advantage of digitalization and prioritizing data as an organizational asset* 
Sanofi has undertaken a number of digital initiatives. Examples include the opening in March 2022 of Sanofi’s Accelerator, 
an internal unit that functions like a startup within Sanofi to develop products and solutions that will support its mission to 
transform the practice of medicine with the use of digital, data and artificial intelligence; the Future4Care initiative of June 
2021, where Sanofi joined a startup incubator along with other CAC40 companies to help nurture the latest and greatest in 
health tech; its enabled manufacturing facility in the US and its Darwin real-world data platform. Sanofi’s success in these 
efforts will depend on many factors, including data quality, technology architecture, entering into successful partnerships and 
alliances with technology companies, a profound transformation of the organization, including a cultural change among its 
employees and the development of relevant skills, attracting and retaining employees with appropriate skills and mindsets in 
a tight labour market, and successfully innovating across a variety of technology fields. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
accelerated Sanofi’s digital transformation, including in the ways it engages and interacts with its stakeholders. However there 
is no guarantee that Sanofi's efforts toward a digital transformation will succeed. More generally, Sanofi may fail to capture 
the benefits of digitalization and valuing data as an enterprise asset at an appropriate cost and/or in a timely manner and/or 
enter into appropriate partnerships.  
Competitors, including new entrants such as tech companies, may outpace Sanofi in this fast-moving area. If Sanofi fails to 
adequately integrate digital capabilities into its organization and business model, Sanofi could lose patients and market share. 
This could have an adverse impact on its business, prospects and results of operations. 
The success of digital initiatives will also depend on Sanofi’s ability to shift its culture to a data-driven culture. This calls for 
clear ownership and a collectively-owned operating model with supporting tools and competencies to manage data as an asset, 
and for the definition of a robust life-cycle management process for data that is applied consistently across Sanofi. Good 
overall management of data supports Sanofi’s overall operations and the delivery of exponential capabilities, including 
artificial intelligence and machine learning to fulfil its innovation and efficiency ambitions. Failure to do so could result in 
business, operational and financial harm. 
Sanofi may fail to accelerate its operational efficiency* 
As part of its strategy Sanofi has announced its intent to improve its operating efficiencies to fund growth and expand its 
business operating income margin. Nevertheless there is no guarantee that Sanofi will be able to fully deliver these operating 
efficiencies within the targeted timeline or generate the expected benefits.

--- Page 26 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Unsuccessful management of environmental, social and governance matters could adversely affect Sanofi’s reputation and 
Sanofi may experience difficulties to meet the expectations of its stakeholders. 
Companies are increasingly expected to behave in a responsible manner on a variety of environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) matters, by governmental and regulatory authorities, counterparties such as vendors and suppliers, customers, investors, 
the public at large and others. This context, driven in part by a rapidly changing regulatory framework in the US and in Europe, 
is raising new challenges and influencing strategic decisions that companies must take if they wish to optimize their positive 
impact and mitigate their negative impact on ESG matters. 
Sanofi has adopted an ESG strategy that aims at ensuring global access and affordability, addressing unmet needs with 
transformative therapies, and minimizing the impact of Sanofi’s activities and products on the climate and the environment. 
The strategy includes leveraging its personnel’s experience and making societal impact a key driver of Sanofi employees’ 
engagement. However, despite Sanofi’s strong commitment Sanofi could be unable to meet its ESG or other strategic 
objectives in an efficient and timely manner, or at all. 
Sanofi may also be unable to meet the ever more demanding criteria used by rating agencies in their ESG assessments process, 
leading to a downgrading in Sanofi’s rating. Financial investments in companies which perform well in the ESG assessments 
are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have made known their interest in investing in such companies. 
Depending on the ESG assessments and on the rapidly changing views on acceptable levels of action across a range of ESG 
topics from investors, Sanofi may be unable to meet society’s or investors’ expectations, its reputation may be harmed, it may 
face increased compliance or other costs and demand for securities issued by Sanofi and Sanofi’s ability to participate in the 
debt and equity markets may decrease.  
Sanofi's success depends in part on its senior management team and other key employees and its ability to attract, integrate 
and retain key personnel and qualified individuals in the face of intense competition 
Sanofi’s success depends on the expertise of its senior management team and other key employees. In 2022, there were 2,361 
"Senior Leaders" within Sanofi. In addition, Sanofi relies heavily on recruiting and retaining talented people to help it meet its 
strategic objectives. Sanofi faces intense competition for qualified individuals for senior management positions, or in specific 
geographic regions or in specialized fields such as clinical development, biosciences and devices, or digital and artificial 
intelligence.  
Sanofi's ability to hire qualified personnel also depends in part on Sanofi's ability to reward performance, incentivize its 
employees and to pay competitive compensation. Laws and regulations on executive compensation may restrict Sanofi's ability 
to attract, motivate and retain the required level of talented people. The inability to attract, integrate and/or retain highly skilled 
personnel, in particular those in leadership positions, may weaken the Group's succession plans, may materially adversely 
affect the implementation of its strategy and its ability to meet its strategic objectives and could ultimately adversely impact 
its business or results of operations. 
D.  Environmental and safety risks of Sanofi's industrial activities 
Risks from manufacturing activities and the handling of hazardous materials could adversely affect Sanofi's results 
of operations and reputation* 
Manufacturing activities, such as the chemical manufacturing of the active ingredients in the Group's products and the related 
storage and transportation of raw materials, products and waste, expose the Group to the risks of industrial accidents that may 
lead to discharges or releases of toxic or pathogenic substances or other events that, can cause personal injury, property damage 
and environmental contamination, and may result in additional operational constraints, including the shutdown of affected 
facilities and/or the imposition of civil, administrative, criminal penalties and/or civil damages, and affect Sanofi’s reputation. 
The occurrence of an industrial accident may significantly reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular 
manufacturing facility and adversely affect Sanofi's operating results and reputation. Although Sanofi maintains property

--- Page 27 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
damage, business interruption and casualty insurance that it believes is in accordance with customary industry practices, this 
insurance may not be adequate to fully cover all potential hazards incidental to Sanofi's business. 
Management of the historical contamination related to Sanofi's past industrial activities could adversely impact its results 
of operations and reputation 
The environmental laws of various jurisdictions impose actual and potential obligations on Sanofi to manage and/or remediate 
contaminated sites. These obligations may relate to sites: 
• 
that Sanofi currently owns or operates; 
• 
that it formerly owned or operated; or 
• 
where waste from its operations was disposed. 
 
These environmental remediation obligations could reduce Sanofi's operating results. Sanofi accrues provisions for 
remediation when its management believes the need is probable and that it is reasonably possible to estimate the cost. See 
"Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – B.10. Health, Safety and Environment" of the 2022 Annual 
Report on Form 20-F for additional information regarding its environmental policies. In particular, Sanofi's provisions for 
these obligations may be insufficient if the assumptions underlying these provisions prove incorrect or if Sanofi is held 
responsible for additional, currently undiscovered contamination. These judgments and estimates may later prove inaccurate, 
and any shortfalls could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations and financial condition. For more detailed 
information on environmental issues, see "Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – B.10 Health, Safety 
and Environment" and Notes B.12 and D.19.3 to the consolidated financial statements of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-
F. 
Sanofi is or may become involved in claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings relating to environmental matters. Some 
current and former Sanofi subsidiaries have been named as "potentially responsible parties" or the equivalent under the US 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (also known as "Superfund"), 
and similar statutes or obligations in France, Germany, Italy, Brazil and elsewhere. As a matter of statutory or contractual 
obligations, Sanofi and/or its subsidiaries may retain responsibility for environmental liabilities at some of the sites of its 
predecessor companies, or of subsidiaries that Sanofi demerged, divested or may divest. Sanofi has disputes outstanding 
regarding certain sites no longer owned or operated by the Group. An adverse outcome in such disputes might have an adverse 
effect on its operating results. See Note D.22.d) to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual 
Report on Form 20-F and section "Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated Financial Statements and Other Financial 
Information – Information on Legal or Arbitration Proceedings" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
Environmental regulations are evolving. For example, in Europe, new or evolving regulatory regimes include the Registration, 
Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals Regulation; the Classification and Labelling regulations applicable to 
hazardous chemicals; directives related to the control of major-accident hazards (the “Seveso” directives); the Industrial 
Emission regulations; the Waste Framework Directive, the Emission Trading Scheme Directive, the Water Framework 
Directive, the Directive on Taxation of Energy Products and Electricity as well as other regulations aimed at preventing climate 
change. Stricter environmental, safety and health laws and enforcement policies could result in substantial costs and liabilities 
to the Group and could subject its handling, manufacture, use, reuse or disposal of substances or pollutants, site restoration 
and compliance to more rigorous scrutiny than is currently the case. Consequently, compliance with these laws could result in 
capital expenditures as well as other costs and liabilities, thereby adversely affecting the Group's business, results of operations 
or financial condition. 
E.  Risks related to financial markets4 
Counterparty risk 
Sanofi’s financing and investing transactions, and our currency and interest rate hedges, are contracted with leading 
counterparties. Sanofi sets limits for investment and derivative transactions with individual financial institutions, depending 
on the rating of each institution. Compliance with these limits, which are based on the notional amounts of the investments 
and the fair value of the hedging instruments, is monitored on a daily basis. 
 
4 The information in this section supplements the disclosures required under IFRS 7 as presented in Notes B.8.7. to the consolidated financial 
statements, provided at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F.

--- Page 28 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The table below shows our total exposure as of 31 December 2022 by rating and in terms of Sanofi’s percentage exposure to 
the dominant counterparty. 
 
(€ million) 
Cash and cash 
equivalents 
(excluding mutual 
funds) 
(a) 
Notional 
amounts of 
currency 
hedges  
(b) 
Fair value of 
currency 
hedges 
Notional 
amounts of 
interest rate 
hedges  
(b) 
Fair value of 
interest rate 
hedges 
General 
corporate 
purpose 
credit facilities 
AA 
319 
 
1,280 
 
5 
— 
 
— 
500 
AA- 
707 
 
5,668 
 
26 
880 
 
(65) 
1,000 
A+ 
655 
 
9,237 
 
57 
774 
 
(76) 
3,500 
A 
290 
 
4,585 
 
20 
437 
 
(52) 
2,000 
A- 
42 
 
638 
 
4 
343 
 
(38) 
1,000 
BBB+ 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
Unallocated 
166 
 
— 
 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
Total 
2,179 
 
21,408 
 
113 
2,434 
 
(232) 
8,000 
% / rating of dominant counterparty 
30.0%/AA- 
 
16.8%/A+ 
 
 
20.3%/A+ 
 
 
6%/A 
 
(a) Cash equivalents include mutual fund investments of €9,537 million. 
(b) The notional amounts are translated into euros at the relevant closing exchange rate as of December 31, 2022. 
As of 31 December 2022, Sanofi held investments in euro and US dollar denominated money-market mutual funds. Those 
instruments have low volatility, low sensitivity to interest rate risk, and a very low probability of loss of principal. The 
depositary banks of the mutual funds, and of Sanofi itself, have a long-term rating of at least A. Realization of counterparty 
risk could impact Sanofi’s liquidity in certain circumstances. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Operating foreign exchange risk 
A substantial portion of Sanofi’s net sales is generated in countries where the euro, which is Sanofi’s reporting currency, is 
not the functional currency. In 2022, for example, 42.5% of its net sales were generated in the United States; 23.3% in Europe; 
and 34.2% in the Rest of the World region (as defined in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F), including countries that are, 
or may in the future become, subject to exchange controls, of which 7.3% was generated in China and 3.8% in Japan. Although 
Sanofi also incurs expenses in those countries, the impact of those expenses is not enough wholly to offset the impact of 
exchange rates on its net sales. Consequently, Sanofi’s operating income may be materially affected by fluctuations in 
exchange rates between the euro and other currencies. Sanofi operates a foreign exchange risk hedging policy to reduce the 
exposure of operating income to exchange rate movements. That policy involves regular assessments of Sanofi’s worldwide 
foreign currency exposure, based on foreign currency transactions carried out by the parent company and its subsidiaries. 
Those transactions mainly comprise sales, purchases, research costs, co-marketing and co-promotion expenses, and royalties. 
To reduce the exposure of those transactions to exchange rate movements, Sanofi contracts hedges using liquid derivative 
instruments, mainly forward currency purchases and sales, and also foreign exchange swaps. 
The table below shows operating currency hedging instruments in place as of 31 December 2022, with the notional amount 
translated into euros at the relevant closing exchange rate (see Note D.20. to the consolidated financial statements included at 
Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F for the accounting classification of those instruments as of 31 December 
2022).

--- Page 29 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Operating foreign exchange derivatives as of 31 December 2022 
(€ million) 
Notional amount 
Fair value 
Forward currency sales 
5,403 
49 
of which US dollar 
2,732 
56 
of which Chinese yuan renminbi 
576 
2 
of which Japanese yen 
240 
(5) 
of which Singapore dollar 
180 
1 
of which Korean won 
179 
(14) 
Forward currency purchases 
3,459 
(27) 
of which US dollar 
2,047 
(21) 
of which Singapore dollar 
375 
(7) 
of which Chinese yuan renminbi 
142 
— 
of which Korean won 
130 
4 
of which Taiwan dollar 
84 
— 
Total 
8,862 
22 
 
The above positions mainly hedge future material foreign-currency cash flows arising after the end of the reporting period in 
relation to transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2022 and recognized in the balance sheet at that date. 
Gains and losses on hedging instruments (forward contracts) are calculated and recognized in parallel with the recognition of 
gains and losses on the hedged items. Due to this hedging relationship, the commercial foreign exchange profit or loss on these 
items (hedging instruments and hedged transactions) will be immaterial in 2022. 
Financial foreign exchange risk 
The cash pooling arrangements for foreign subsidiaries outside the euro zone, and some of Sanofi’s financing activities, expose 
certain Sanofi entities to financial foreign exchange risk (i.e. the risk of changes in the value of borrowings and loans 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the borrower or lender). That foreign exchange exposure is 
hedged using derivative instruments (foreign exchange swaps, forward contracts or currency swaps) that alter the currency 
split of Sanofi’s net debt once those instruments are taken into account. 
The table below shows financial currency hedging instruments in place as of 31 December 2022, with the notional amounts 
translated into euros at the relevant closing exchange rate (see also Note D.20. to the consolidated financial statements included 
at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F for the accounting classification of these instruments as of December 31, 
2022). 
Financial foreign exchange derivatives as of 31 December 2022 
(€ million) 
Notional amount 
Fair value 
Expiry 
Forward currency sales 
 
7,559 
 
 
66  
of which US dollar 
 
6,114 
 (a) 
 
59  
2023 
of which Pound sterling 
 
384  
 
7 
 
2023 
of which Chinese yuan renminbi 
 
203  
 
2 
 
2023 
Forward currency purchases 
 
4,997 
 
 
24  
of which US dollar 
 
2,011 
 (b) (c) 
 
(4)  
2023 
of which Singapore dollar 
 
2,154 
 (d) 
 
22  
2023 
of which Japanese yen 
 
205  
 
4 
 
2023 
Total 
12,556 
90 
 
(a) Includes forward sales with a notional amount of $3,615 million expiring in 2023, designated as a hedge of Sanofi’s net investment in Bioverativ. As of 31 
December 2022, the fair value of these forward contracts represented an asset of €38 million; the opposite entry was recognized in “Other comprehensive 
income”, with the impact on financial income and expense being immaterial. 
(b) Includes forward purchases with a notional amount of $1,000 million expiring in 2023, designated as a fair value hedge of the exposure of $1,000 million of 
bond issues to fluctuations in the EUR/USD spot rate. As of 31 December 2022, the fair value of the contracts was an asset of €3 million, the opposite entry 
for €0.6 million of which was debited to “Other comprehensive income” under the cost of hedging accounting treatment. 
(c) Includes receiver currency swaps with a notional amount of $1,000 million expiring in 2023, designated as a fair value hedge of the exposure of an equivalent 
amount of intragroup current accounts to fluctuations in the EUR/USD spot rate. As of 31 December 2022, the fair value of the swaps was a liability of €2 
million, the opposite entry for €1.4 million of which was credited to “Other comprehensive income” under the cost of hedging accounting treatment.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
(d) Includes forward purchases with a notional amount of SGD1,500 million expiring in 2023, designated as a fair value hedge of the exposure of an equivalent 
amount of intragroup current accounts to fluctuations in the EUR/SGD spot rate. As of 31 December 2022, the fair value of the contracts was an asset of €33 
million, the opposite entry for €2.5 million of which was credited to “Other comprehensive income” under the cost of hedging accounting. 
These hedging instruments generate a net financial gain or loss arising from the interest rate differential between the hedged 
currency and the euro, given that the foreign exchange gain or loss on the foreign-currency borrowing and loans is offset by 
the change in the intrinsic value of the hedging instruments. The interest rate differential is recognized within cost of net debt 
(see Note D.29. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). Sanofi 
may also hedge some future foreign-currency investment or divestment cash flows. 
Other foreign exchange risks 
A significant proportion of Sanofi’s net assets is denominated in US dollars (see Note D.35. to the consolidated financial 
statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). As a result, any fluctuation in the exchange rate of 
the US dollar against the euro automatically impacts the amount of Sanofi’s equity as expressed in euros. 
In addition, Sanofi uses the euro as its reporting currency. Consequently, if one or more European Union Member States were 
to abandon the euro as a currency, the resulting economic upheavals – in particular, fluctuations in exchange rates – could 
have a significant impact on the terms under which Sanofi can obtain financing and on its financial results, the extent and 
consequences of which are not currently foreseeable. 
Liquidity risk 
Sanofi operates a centralized treasury platform whereby all surplus cash and financing needs of its subsidiaries are invested 
with or funded by the parent company (where permitted by local legislation). The central treasury department manages its 
current and projected financing, and ensures that Sanofi is able to meet its financial commitments by maintaining sufficient 
cash and confirmed credit facilities for the size of its operations and the maturity of its debt (see Notes D.17.1.c and D.17.1.g 
to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
Sanofi diversify its short-term investments with leading counterparties using money-market products with instant access or 
with a maturity of less than three months. 
As of 31 December 2022, cash and cash equivalents amounted to €12,736 million, and short-term investments predominantly 
comprised: 
– 
collective investments in euro and US dollar denominated money-market mutual funds. All such funds can be traded 
on a daily basis and the amount invested in each fund may not exceed 10% of the aggregate amount invested in such 
funds; 
– 
amounts invested directly with banks and non-financial institutions in the form of instant access deposits, term 
deposits, and Negotiable European Commercial Paper with a maturity of no more than three months. 
In addition, to optimize the liquidity/return profile of Sanofi’s short-term investments, Sanofi had €196 million invested in 
term deposits as of 31 December 2022, expiring in June 2023 and presented within "Other current financial assets" (see 
Note D.11. to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). 
As of 31 December 2022 Sanofi also had €8 billion of undrawn general corporate purpose confirmed credit facilities, half of 
which expires in December 2023 and half in December 2027. Those credit facilities are not subject to financial covenant ratios. 
Sanofi’s policy is to diversify its sources of funding through public or private issuances of debt securities, in the United States 
(shelf registration statement) and Europe (Euro Medium Term Note program). In addition, its A-1+/P-1 short-term rating gives 
Sanofi access to commercial paper programs in the United States, and to Negotiable European Commercial Paper programs in 
France. The average maturity of Sanofi’s total debt was 4.71 years as of 31 December 2022, compared with 5.5 years as of 31 
December 31, 2022. During 2022, Sanofi did not draw down on its Negotiable European Commercial Paper programs in 
France. Average drawdowns under the US commercial paper program during 2022 were €2.2 billion (with a maximum of 
€3.8 billion); the average maturity of those drawdowns was two months. As of 31 December 2022, neither of those programs 
was being utilized. 
In the event of a liquidity crisis, Sanofi could be exposed to difficulties in calling up our available cash, a scarcity of sources 
of funding including the above-mentioned programs, and/or a deterioration in their terms. This situation could damage Sanofi’s 
capacity to refinance its debt or to issue new debt on reasonable terms.

--- Page 31 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Interest rate risk 
Sanofi issues debt in two currencies, the euro and the US dollar, and also invests its cash and cash equivalents in those 
currencies. Sanofi also operates cash pooling arrangements to manage the surplus cash and short-term liquidity needs of foreign 
subsidiaries located outside the euro zone. 
To optimize the cost of debt or reduce the volatility of debt and manage its exposure to financial foreign exchange risk, Sanofi 
uses derivative instruments (interest rate swaps, currency swaps, foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts) that alter the 
fixed/floating rate split and the currency split of its net debt. 
The projected full-year sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations of Sanofi’s debt, net of cash and cash equivalents for 2023 is 
as follows: 
Change in short-term interest rates 
Impact on pre-tax 
net income 
Impact on pre-tax 
income/(expense) 
+100 bp 
98
 
—
 
+25 bp 
25
 
—
 
-25 bp 
(25) 
—
 
-100 bp 
(98) 
—
 
 
Stock market risk 
It is Sanofi’s policy not to trade on the stock market for speculative purposes. 
 
F.  Risks relating to an investment in Sanofi's shares or ADSs 
Foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect the US dollar value of our ADSs and dividends (if any) regardless of 
our operating performance 
Holders of ADSs face exchange rate risks. Sanofi's ADSs trade in US dollars and its shares trade in euros. The value of the 
ADSs and its shares could fluctuate substantially as the exchange rates between these currencies fluctuate. If and when Sanofi 
pays dividends, they would be denominated in euros. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the euro and the US dollar 
will affect the US dollar amounts received by owners of ADSs upon conversion by the depositary of cash dividends, if any. 
Moreover, these fluctuations may affect the US dollar price of the ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) 
whether or not Sanofi pays dividends, in addition to any amounts that a holder would receive upon its liquidation or in the 
event of a sale of assets, merger, tender offer or similar transaction denominated in euros or any foreign currency other than 
US dollars. 
Persons holding ADSs rather than shares may have difficulty exercising certain rights as a shareholder 
Holders of ADSs may have more difficulty exercising their rights as a shareholder than if they directly held shares. For 
example, if Sanofi issues new shares and existing shareholders have the right to subscribe for a pro rata portion of the new 
issuance, the depositary is allowed, at its own discretion, to sell this right to subscribe for new shares for the benefit of the 
ADS holders instead of making that right available to such holders. In that case, ADS holders could be substantially diluted. 
Holders of ADSs must also instruct the depositary how to vote their shares. Because of this additional procedural step involving 
the depositary, the process for exercising voting rights will take longer for holders of ADSs than for holders of shares. ADSs 
for which the depositary does not receive timely voting instructions will not be voted at any meeting. US investors may have 
difficulty in serving process or enforcing a judgment against Sanofi or its directors or executive officers. 
Sales of Sanofi's shares may cause the market price of its shares or ADSs to decline.

--- Page 32 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Sales of large numbers of Sanofi's shares, or a perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price 
for its shares and ADSs. To Sanofi's knowledge, L'Oréal, its largest shareholder, is not subject to any contractual restrictions 
on the sale of the shares it holds in the Company. L'Oréal does not consider its stake in the Company as strategic. 
Sanofi's largest shareholder owns a significant percentage of the share capital and voting rights of Sanofi 
As of 31 December 2022, L'Oréal held approximately 9.38% of the issued share capital, accounting for approximately 16.77% 
of the voting rights (excluding treasury shares) of Sanofi. See "Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions – 
A. Major Shareholders" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F (as defined below). Affiliates of L'Oréal currently serve on 
Sanofi's Board of Directors. To the extent L'Oréal continues to hold a large percentage of its share capital and voting rights, it 
will remain in a position to exert greater influence in the appointment of the directors and officers of Sanofi and in other 
corporate actions that require shareholders’ approval.

--- Page 33 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
2. 
Risk factors associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed investment decision with respect to 
investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each category below the Issuer sets out the material 
risks in descending order of importance, taking into account the adverse impact of such risks and the probability of their 
occurrence.  
A. Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves a credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees as defined in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), the 
Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes will 
depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks related to the Issuer as described above). As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's short-term and long-term debt are respectively rated (i) P-1 and A1, with a stable 
outlook, by Moody's, (ii) A-1+ and AA, with a stable outlook, by S&P and (iii) S-1+ and AA, with a stable outlook, by Scope. 
If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be significant: a deterioration 
in creditworthiness could give rise to negative repercussions on the Noteholders because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil 
all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all 
or part of their investment. 
 
French insolvency law and the EU Restructuring Directive 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency 
proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of 
main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on 
measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such 
ordinance, applicable to proceedings opened as from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to 
the process of adoption of restructuring plans under safeguard, accelerated safeguard and reorganization proceedings. 
According to this ordinance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) may be treated in 
separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of economic 
interest based on objective and ascertainable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring 
plan(s) in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on the proposed plan(s). 
Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into classes of affected parties (with potentially other 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden through the differing vote of the class(s) to which they belong 
or by a cross-class cram down sanctioned by the court. Although likely that Noteholders would be grouped within the same 
class for the purpose of proceedings affecting the Issuer, it cannot entirely be ruled out that Noteholders would be grouped 
into different classes based on objective and ascertainable criteria that would then prevail.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the 
Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts 
due to them from the Issuer.  
Changes of law may occur in the future that will impact the conditions of the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by the laws of France in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Future judicial decisions or changes to the laws of France or administrative practice (or to the interpretation 
thereof) after the date of this Base Prospectus may impact the Notes. Any such decision or change could be unfavourable to 
creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in law were unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, 
it could have an adverse or a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of the change) 
and could have potentially serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk of changes in 
law is higher for Notes with longer maturities.

--- Page 34 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains provisions for calling 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, 
the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers). Noteholders can adopt measures either 
through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written 
Resolutions").  
As set out in Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Resolution. 
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders through a General Meeting or by way of a Written Resolution and the 
related modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a material adverse impact on the 
market value of the Notes.  
B. Risks related to the market generally  
Risks related to the secondary market  
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. This Base Prospectus has been 
passported to Luxembourg under the passporting regime of the EU Prospectus Regulation, so that the Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading on the Bourse de Luxembourg. Nevertheless, the Notes may have no established trading market when 
issued and an active trading market for the Notes may not develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive 
to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. This may have a negative impact on the 
liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price 
at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such 
circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a 
discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, 
this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
The Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in Condition 7(i), and the Issuer may issue further notes, as described in 
Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation). Such transactions may adversely affect the price development of the Notes. 
If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, 
including the value or volatility of any relevant index, including, but not limited to, market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date. Notes may be used by market participants to constitute reference assets under transactions 
which are independent from Notes issued under the Programme, for example credit default swaps or note repackagings; the 
unwinding or other life cycle events of such transactions or of related collateral composed of or including Notes may, 
depending on the circumstances, impact the volume of the Notes then traded and in turn the market value of the Notes and/or 
the volatility thereof. Besides, if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates or for whatever reason the financial condition 
of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and the value of the 
Notes may decrease and investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events in 
France or elsewhere, and factors affecting capital markets in general, including Euronext Paris, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (in the event that Notes are listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange by virtue of the Base 
Prospectus relating to such Notes having been passported to Luxembourg under the passporting regime of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation), or any other stock exchanges on which the Notes may be traded in each case in accordance and in compliance 
with all relevant rules and regulations. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 35 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency"). The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities or financial statements are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency or central bank interventions 
in the relevant currency markets) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Furthermore, Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If such risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial 
activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency 
could be very negatively impacted as they might receive less interest or principal than expected, or at worst, no interest or 
principal. 
C. Risks related to the structure and the characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. Such structures and 
features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most material risks associated with such 
structures and features is set out below: 
Interest rate risks  
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(a) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. While the 
nominal interest rate of a fixed interest rate note is fixed during the life of such a note or during a certain period of time, the 
current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate 
changes, the price of such note changes in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of such note 
typically falls, until the yield of such note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, 
the price of a fixed rate note typically increases, until the yield of such note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and could 
cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest 
rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary 
market to lose part of their initial investment.  
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes  
Condition 5(b) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which 
bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself 
will change in accordance with general market conditions. The market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may negatively impact the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise 
to reinvestment risk.  
If the Final Terms provide for several interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing.

--- Page 36 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to benchmarks  
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks, investors should be aware that such benchmarks are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect 
on the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 
and has been in force since 1 January 2018. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users" of "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) 
in the EU, and will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements 
in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) 
prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a direct impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark", including in any of the 
following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or an index deemed to be a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator 
does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
"benchmarks" (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
"benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of 
the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 10 February 2021 which introduced a harmonised 
approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain "benchmarks" by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain "benchmarks" on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments. The replacement for a benchmark designated by the European Commission 
might thus apply to the Notes referencing a benchmark if certain conditions described in the Benchmarks Regulation as 
amended are satisfied. These provisions could have a negative impact on the value, the liquidity of, or the return on investment 
in Notes issued under the Programme with interest rate calculated by reference to the “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) in 
the event that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable (Article 23c of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, as amended). In addition, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision 
pending the implementing regulations of the European Commission. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be 
part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a 
basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new 
risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has 
subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how 
long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed. While EURIBOR continues to be published

--- Page 37 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
without a future cessation date, compounded €STR and forward-looking €STR term rates are being promoted for use as 
fallback rates in new EURIBOR transactions. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which 
are linked to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes 
(it being specified that if a Benchmark Event occurs, a specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled 
"Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if FBF Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii)(A), be relying upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which 
the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR, SOFR and SONIA as reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of interbank offered rates 
("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring financial markets to transition away from 
IBORs to near risk free rates ("RFRs") which exclude the element of interbank lending. RFRs may differ from IBORs in a 
number of material respects. In particular, in the majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an overnight rate (for 
example, the €STR in respect of the Euro, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") in respect of Sterling and the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in respect of US dollars), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated 
on a backward looking basis, rather than on the basis of a forward looking term. As such, investors should be aware that RFRs 
may behave materially differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference rates for the Notes. Investors should 
also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to RFRs such as €STR, SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in 
the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to LIBOR (issued pursuant to Conditions 5(b)(ii)(D)-(F)). In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on €STR, SOFR and SONIA, 
including term €STR, SOFR and SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
€STR, SOFR or SONIA rate over a designated term). The nascent development of these rates as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR, SOFR and SONIA based rates for such market and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. 
The use of €STR, SONIA and/or SOFR and/or any other RFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in 
terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing such RFRs. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SONIA 
and/or SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in Conditions 5(b)(ii) (D)-(F) (including in relation to fallbacks in the 
event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes referencing any 
such RFR issued under this Programme. Since RFRs are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities linked to €STR, SONIA, SOFR and/or any other RFR, such as the spread over the relevant 
rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes linked to €STR, SONIA, SOFR 
and/or any other RFR may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. In addition, 
the manner of adoption or application of €STR, SOFR and SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR, SOFR and SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives 
or loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR, SOFR and SONIA 
reference rates across these markets may impact their net financial cost, profit or any hedging or any other financial 
arrangements they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR, SOFR 
and SONIA.  
Historical performance is not an indication of future performance of RFRs 
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance 
of RFRs and therefore Noteholders should not rely on any such data or trends as an indicator of future performance. Daily 
changes in RFRs have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a 
result, the return on and value of debt securities linked to RFRs may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked 
to less volatile rates. The future performance of any RFR is impossible to predict, and therefore no future performance of any

--- Page 38 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
RFR should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends. Calculation of interest rates based on RFRs are only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest on Notes which reference €STR, SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult investors in Notes that reference 
such rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of €STR, SONIA or SOFR 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of €STR, SONIA or SOFR (issued pursuant to 
Conditions 5(b)(ii) (B)-(D)). There can be no guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant rate. In 
particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrators of 
€STR, SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these RFRs, 
including changes related to the method by which such RFRs are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate such rates, or timing related to the publication of such rates. An administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such RFR. If the manner in 
which €STR, SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable 
on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
In addition, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) as administrator of SOFR may after the relevant Issue 
Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR (in which case a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(E)(iv)) would occur and the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
specified in Condition 5(b)(ii)(E) would apply, potentially resulting in the determination of a Benchmark Replacement (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(E)(iv)) and, if necessary, the application of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(E)(iv)).  
Furthermore, with respect to a Rate of Interest based on SONIA, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(ii)(D), the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date, effectively converting such Floating Rate Notes into 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is used as the method to calculate the Rate of Interest in respect of Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), certain fallback arrangements set out in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will 
apply if a Benchmark Event occurs. This includes scenarios where an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other 
relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, become unavailable, or if the Calculation 
Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) are no longer lawfully permitted to calculate interest on any such Notes under the Benchmarks Regulation or 
otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)), with or without the application of an adjustment spread 
(which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes to 
ensure the proper operation of the successor or alternative reference rate, all as determined by the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)). In particular, the fallback arrangements set out in Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) apply to the Notes with a Rate of Interest based on SONIA, but not SOFR or €STR as Conditions 5(b)(ii)(E) and 
(F) provide specific fallback arrangements for each of SOFR and €STR, respectively. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Replacement Reference Rate. In addition, no 
consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of such Notes which are made in order to give effect to any Replacement Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C), the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, 
including where no Replacement Reference Rate is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period be

--- Page 39 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
based on the last relevant Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). This ultimate fallback may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest to Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. The effective conversion 
into Fixed Rate Notes may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the fixed rate of interest may be 
lower than the rate of interest usually applicable to such Notes. In the event of the application of a fixed rate of interest, the 
Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially favourable prevailing market conditions.  
It is possible that, if a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor or alternative reference rate is 
established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) provides as a further fallback that, following the designation of 
a Replacement Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the Replacement Reference Rate 
is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor reference 
rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity 
as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose of confirming the  Replacement Reference Rate or 
determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C). If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the 
Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which may have a negative effect on the market 
value and yield of the Notes. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative reference rates and the involvement of a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the Replacement 
Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Reference Rate. 
Any change or adjustment applied to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark may not adequately compensate for this 
impact. The Reference Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the Replacement Reference Rate in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and could, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, be unfavourable to the Noteholders. This could in turn have quite a negative impact on the 
rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such 
hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such Floating Rate Notes 
or have other significant adverse effects or unforeseen consequences.  
Risks related to Fixed to Floating Rates Notes 
Condition 5(e) allows the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest 
and vice versa. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate. Such interest rate conversion may take place either automatically or at the option of the Issuer on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost 
of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
Risks related to Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5 allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than 
non-discounted bonds. Changes in market interest rates have a stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on 
the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are below par (if the yield is positive). If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due 
to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, 
in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the 
holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
Early redemption risks  
The Notes may be redeemed for tax reasons prior to maturity. 
In the event that, pursuant to Condition 8, the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties of whatever nature imposed or levied, 
by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall be obliged to, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 
7(b). In accordance with Condition 7(h), such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount, which in the case 
of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, would be their principal amount, together with any accrued interest. As a consequence 
of such early redemption the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the 
Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by 
the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In 
addition, investors that choose to reinvest moneys they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes, 
could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, pursuant to 
Condition 7(c). Such right of early redemption is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the 
market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem early increases. As a 
consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder (specified as the "Issue Price" in the relevant Final 
Terms). As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive 
through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, or in whole but 
not in part, as the case may be, under a call option as provided in Condition 7(c), a residual maturity call option as provided in 
Condition 7(d), a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7(e) and/or, unless specified as not being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, a make-whole redemption option as provided in Condition 7(g). Such right of early redemption, if 
provided in the relevant Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes, could cause the expected yield in respect of the 
Notes to be considerably less than anticipated. See "Partial redemption of Notes at  the option of the Issuer or at the option of 
the Noteholders may make the market illiquid" for risks relating to partial redemption. 
In particular, with respect to the clean-up call option in Condition 7(e), there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the limit needed to exercise the clean-up call option has been 
reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested for the Noteholders. 
Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the market illiquid. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of 
the Issuer is made pursuant to Condition 7(c) or at the option of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7(f), any trading market 
in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the extent 
of the illiquidity, may negatively impact the market value of the Notes and have a direct and significant impact on any 
remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
Restrictions on Notes denominated in Renminbi 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in Renminbi ("RMB 
Notes").  
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and other currencies.

--- Page 41 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-
border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in 
the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC 
will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out 
of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or 
long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes may be adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints imposed by PRC 
laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be promulgated or the settlement arrangements 
between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be 
terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is 
required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi 
on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment 
obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency 
back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
Any gain realised on the transfer of the RMB Notes by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Noteholders may be subject 
to PRC enterprise income tax or PRC individual income tax if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within 
the PRC, and may materially and adversely affect the value of the Noteholder's investment.

--- Page 42 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
Investors should seek financial and legal advice 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out in this Base Prospectus and should consult with their own 
financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing 
in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.   
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes or to the Issuer. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time 
and without notice. Any such revision, suspension or withdrawal of any such credit rating could adversely affect the value of 
the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union, and whether or not the relevant credit rating agency is registered (or has applied for registration) under the 
CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, 
including the relevant Issuer's jurisdictions of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative financial 
instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual 
taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider 
the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Moreover, in certain circumstances Noteholders may be subject to U.S. withholding tax. The United States has enacted rules, 
commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose a new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain

--- Page 43 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
payments made by U.S. and non-U.S. withholding agents, particularly entities that are classified as financial institutions under 
FATCA. The United States has also entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA 
with France (the "IGA"). Sanofi does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Notes to be subject to withholding 
under FATCA.  However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be 
given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes 
in the future. In the event that any withholding imposed because of FATCA, the Issuer will have no obligation to make 
additional payments in respect of such withholding.   
 
Forward-looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. Sanofi may also make written or oral forward-looking statements 
in any documents incorporated by reference herein, in any supplements to this Base Prospectus or any documents incorporated 
by reference therein. Examples of such forward-looking statements include: 
(i) projections of operating revenues, net income, business net income, earnings per share, business earnings per share, 
capital expenditures, cost savings, restructuring costs, positive or negative synergies, dividends, capital structure or other 
financial items or ratios; 
(ii) statements of its profit forecasts, future trends, future plans, future objectives or goals, including those relating to products, 
clinical trials, regulatory approvals and competition; and 
(iii) statements about its future events and future economic performance or that of France, the United States or any other 
countries in which Sanofi operates. 
This information is based on data, assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 
Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "plan", "expect", "intend", "target", "estimate", "project", "predict", "forecast", 
"guideline", "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive 
means of identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent, known and unknown, risks and uncertainties associated with the regulatory, 
economic, financial and competitive environment, and other factors that could cause future results and objectives to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.  
Risk factors which could affect the future results and cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any 
forward-looking statements are discussed under "Risk Factors" section of this Base Prospectus. Additional risks, not currently 
known or considered immaterial by the Company, may have the same unfavourable effect and investors may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Other than required by law, Sanofi does not undertake 
any obligation to update them in light of new information or future developments.

--- Page 44 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the pages and sections of the following documents, 
listed in the cross-reference list, which shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the Issuer's annual report on the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's Form 20-F for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F”); 
(2) 
the Issuer's annual report on the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's Form 20-F for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F");  
(3) 
the English version of the Issuer’s press release entitled “Strong Q1 growth driven by Specialty Care, Vaccines and 
CHC” dated 27 April 2023 (the “Q1 Press Release"); and 
(4) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 10 March 2020 (the “2020 Conditions”) 
which received the approval number. 20-084 from the AMF (the "2020 Base Prospectus" 5) relating to the 
Programme. 
The 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F and 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F have been previously published and have been 
filed with the AMF for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The pages and sections of the 2022 Annual Report on 
Form 20-F, the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F and the Q1 Press Release listed in the cross-reference list shall be 
incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that: 
(a) 
the non-incorporated parts of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F,  the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F  and 
the Q1 Press Release are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus; and 
(b) 
any statement contained in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F, the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F and the 
Q1 Press Release which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that (i) a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) or (ii) it is modified or incorporated by way of a supplement prepared 
in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus (unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, (i) at the office of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agents set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours, (ii) at the registered office of the 
Issuer during normal business hours, and (iii) on the website of the Issuer (www.sanofi.com). Provision of such documents 
does not constitute a representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified 
above. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the principal office of BNP Paribas in its capacity as 
Fiscal Agent (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes below) or to the Issuer at its registered office set out at 
the end of this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will also be available on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.sanofi.com). If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other 
than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what 
they consist of.  
The relevant documents and page references for the information incorporated by reference herein in response to the specific 
requirements of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 are as follows: 
 
5 Drafting note – link to be updated.

--- Page 45 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference  
Rule 
Information 
Page in 2022 Annual Report 
on Form 20-F 
Page 
in 
2021 
Annual 
Report on Form 20-F 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
16-17 
- 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
16 
- 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
('LEI'). 
16; 154 
- 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life 
of the Issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite. 
16 
- 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country 
of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its 
registered office) and website of the Issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
16 
- 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and 
which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
152; F102 
- 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal 
activities stating the main categories of 
products sold and/or services performed. 
16-41 
- 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the 
Issuer regarding its competitive position. 
41-42; 59 
- 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer's 
position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organizational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure. 
53-54 
-

--- Page 46 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page in 2022 Annual Report 
on Form 20-F 
Page 
in 
2021 
Annual 
Report on Form 20-F 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the following persons and 
an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that Issuer 
where these are significant with respect to that 
Issuer: 
(a) 
members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in 
the case of a limited partnership with 
a share capital. 
83-113 
- 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests. 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the Issuer, of the persons referred to 
in item 9.1, and their private interests and or 
other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a 
statement to that effect must be made. 
86 
- 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
148-149 
- 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (at least 24 months) 
and the audit report in respect of each year. 
175-178; 
F1-F102 
177-180; 
F1-F100 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
 
F10-F12 
F11-F14 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
F1-F102 
F1-F100

--- Page 47 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Rule 
Information 
Page in 2022 Annual Report 
on Form 20-F 
Page 
in 
2021 
Annual 
Report on Form 20-F 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of 
audited financial information may not be 
older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document 
F1-F102 
F1-F100 
11.2 
Auditing of historical financial information 
175-178 
177-180 
11.2.1 
Qualifications, modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of matter in audit 
reports 
175-177 
177-179 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
151; F82-F88 
139-141; F80-F85 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
158 
157 
 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex VII of EU Delegated Regulation 
no. 2019/980)  
 
 
Page no. in Q1 Press Release  
 
 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES  
 
 
Quarterly information  
 
 
- 2023 first-quarter Sanofi sales: p. 2-5 
- R&D update: p. 5-7 
- 2023 first-quarter financial results: p. 10-11 
- Appendices: p. 12-21 
 
 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions incorporated by reference 
References in the Previous Base Prospectuses 
The 2020 Conditions 
Pages 39 to 68 of the 2020 Base Prospectus

--- Page 48 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other 
Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be submitted to the AMF for approval.

--- Page 49 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable 
to the Notes.  
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title 
but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or 
attached on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Sanofi (the "Issuer") with the benefit of an agency agreement dated 28 June 2023 between the Issuer 
and BNP Paribas as Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
(the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the 
"Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). As used herein, "Series" 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are expressed to be consolidated 
(assimilées) and form a single series and are identical in all respects (including as to listing) except that the Issue Price, Issue 
Date, Interest Commencement Date (if any) and/or the amount of the first payment of interest (if any) may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection and the Final Terms applicable to the Notes are available free of 
charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Paying Agent, save that the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to unlisted Notes will only be available for inspection by a Holder holding one or more Notes of that Series and such Holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and as to its identity. The Holders 
of Notes, Coupons and Talons are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the relevant Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, 
in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms will 
prevail. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
Form: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered

--- Page 50 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder 
in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and 
are issued with coupons (each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must 
be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note, including Notes admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" means (a) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled 
to such Notes and (b) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder" being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
2 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
3 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) constitute direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference or priority among 
themselves and equally with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other 
than obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
4 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note of the relevant Series remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien (other than any lien arising by operation of law) or other encumbrance or security interest 
over any or all of its present or future assets or revenues (i) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness issued by it or (ii) to 
secure any guarantee or indemnity given by it of any Relevant Indebtedness issued by others without (a) at the same 
time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes 
as may be approved by a General Meeting of Holders of Notes of the relevant Series. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any payment obligation being borrowed money and subsisting under, or represented 
by any bonds, debentures or other form of debt securities capable of being listed, quoted or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter market or securities market. 
5 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in 
arrear on the Fixed Interest Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on a 
Fixed Interest Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the Fixed Interest Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, will amount to the Initial Broken Amount. If the 
Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Fixed 
Interest Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount. 
(ii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any Fixed Rate Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be specified in the Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount").

--- Page 52 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
(iii) 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note payable in euro for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of a Fixed Rate Note which is not payable in euro, interest is required to be calculated 
for a period of other than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-calendar 
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, 
the number of calendar days elapsed or on such other Fixed Day Count Fraction as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
If Actual-Actual (ICMA) is specified hereon: 
(i) 
if such Calculation Period falls within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the actual number 
of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of the number of calendar days 
in the Fixed Rate Interest Period in which it falls and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in 
any year; and 
(ii) 
if such Calculation Period does not fall within a single Fixed Rate Interest Period, means the sum 
of (x) the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Fixed Rate 
Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of the actual number of calendar days in 
that Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year and (y) 
the actual number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the subsequent Fixed Rate 
Interest Period divided by the product of the actual number of calendar days in the subsequent 
Fixed Rate Interest Period and the number of Fixed Rate Interest Periods in any year. 
If Actual-360 is specified hereon, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360. 
If 30-360 is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following the 
last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 53 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30". 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended. 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period" means the period from (and including) a Fixed Interest Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Fixed Interest Date. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date; or 
(C) 
or, if “SOFR Payment Delay” is applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on each Delayed 
Interest Payment Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, unless 
specified in the relevant Final Terms in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date, each an "Interest Period"). 
For the purposes of this Conditon 5(b): 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date;  
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period or the interest amount in relation to Floating Rate Notes, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro; and 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
If a business day convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding calendar day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day then, if the business day convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last calendar day that is a Business Day in 
the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below of this subparagraph (1) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next calendar day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Interest Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In addition, if (i) the Floating Rate Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(ii) Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above and (iii) 
any Interest Payment Date falls on the last Business Day in any month, then each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Interest Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred. 
In this Condition: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Paris and any Business Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and 
Renminbi, a calendar day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than Paris and any Business Centre) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a calendar day on which T2 is operating; or (3) in 
relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a calendar day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the 
relevant Business Centre(s) (if any).

--- Page 55 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
"T2" means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
or replacement for that system (the “T2 System”). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF Definitions" means the definitions set 
out in the 2007 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master 
Agreement"), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. Investors should 
consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
i. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be (other than in respect of 
Notes for which SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) either: 
1)  the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen  
Page); or 
2)  the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, as determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be

--- Page 56 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
ii. 
If, in the case of (C)(i)(1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (C)(i)(2) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable but a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in sub-paragraph (C) below) has not occurred, the Fiscal Agent will: 
1)  request the principal financial centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
2)  determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 
iii. 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Fiscal Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent) quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Fiscal Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified 
Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time. If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated on 
the basis of the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
iv. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
v. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), "Reference Banks" means four major 
banks selected by the Fiscal Agent in the market that are most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will apply. 
This Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) does not apply in relation to SOFR and €STR Reference 
Rates. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (B)(ii) and (B)(iii) above and Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)(vi) and 
(vii) below, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any 
time prior to any Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day 
prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent, which may be a 
leading bank or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether 
a successor or alternative reference rate, which is substantially comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate, is available for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling

--- Page 57 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
on or after the date of such determination (the "Replacement Reference Rate"). If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Reference 
Rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Calculation Agent of the 
Replacement Reference Rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Rate 
of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Reference 
Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination:  
i. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine the changes (if any) 
required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business 
Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to 
make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate 
and any necessary adjustment to the spread in order to limit any increase or decrease 
in the yield of the Notes resulting from the application of the Replacement 
Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate;  
 
ii. 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (i) above;  
iii. 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such Replacement 
Reference Rate and the details described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and  
iv. 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices) of the Replacement Reference Rate, and of the details described in (i) 
above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. 
(London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination 
Date.  
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, unless the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor or alternative reference rate, in which case the 
Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described above. If the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain 
unchanged.  
If a Reference Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer and such Reference 
Rate Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred but for any 
reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may decide 
that no Replacement Reference Rate or any other successor or alternative reference rate 
will be adopted and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period in such case will 
be equal to the last relevant Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer).  
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 58 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(i)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(ii)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (or by 
the supervisor of the administrator of such Reference Rate) that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate), the administrator has 
ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it 
will cease to do so; or 
(iii)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will be no longer representative of its underlying market 
and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such 
supervisor) or the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or  
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date 
specified in such Final Terms, a calculation agent under at least three other then 
outstanding euro medium term notes issues and (b) a service provider other 
than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of the Issuer) as applicable) to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”), if 
applicable); or 
(vii) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish the relevant Reference Rate has been adopted (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the authorisation or registration of the administrator of a 
benchmark shall not be considered to be withdrawn if the administration of 
such benchmark is transferred to another administrator that is so authorised or 
registered), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii) to (v) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur:  
(A)  
in the case of (ii). above, on the date of the cessation of the publication 
of the relevant Reference Rate;  
(B) 
 in the case of (iii) above, on the date as from which the relevant 
Reference Rate has been or will be discontinued;  
(C)  
in the case of (iv) above, on the date as from which the relevant 
Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or becomes subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or

--- Page 59 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
(D) 
in the case of (v) above, on the date as from which the relevant 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its underlying market 
or on which the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has 
materially changed, 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the 
date of the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), 
(B), (C) or (D) above, as applicable). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  
i. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)(ii)) or 5(b)(ii)(D)(iii) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)(iv) to 5(b)(ii)(E)(v) as applicable. 
ii. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Lag Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin. 
iii. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be "Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin. 
iv. 
For the purposes of Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 60 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent;  
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
v. 
For the purposes of Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards:  
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
 where: 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Observation Period;  
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 61 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
vi. 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(ii)(C), if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period or Observation Period, as the case may be, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate in respect of the relevant London Banking 
Day shall be: 
a. 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous p London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b. 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
vii. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(D), the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that

--- Page 62 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period. 
viii. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Repayment Events), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for 
so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date and 
shall continue to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(c) below. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination – SOFR 
i. 
When "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
may be calculated using SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound 
or SOFR Shift Compound, as follows: 
a. 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
b. 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
c. 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
d. 
if SOFR Payment Delay is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be USD-SOFR-PAYMENT-DELAY plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
e. 
if SOFR Index Compounded specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be USD-SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUNDED plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(E): 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonable practicable, to determine the Benchmark Replacement 
that will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in

--- Page 63 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Independent 
Adviser will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Independent 
Adviser pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(ii)(E), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Independent Adviser; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(E), if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Independent 
Adviser no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such 
Final Terms, a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro 
medium term notes issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any 
controlled subsidiary of the Issuer)) and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be 
the SOFR determined by the Calculation Agent as of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date.  
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms 
(such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, a 
calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes 
issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of 
the Issuer)) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 64 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that 
is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset 
Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified 
in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, 
that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period 
from, and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be 
the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, 
a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes 
issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of 
the Issuer)) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order

--- Page 65 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period which shall not be less than 5 business days; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, 
a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes 
issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of 
the Issuer)) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1);

--- Page 66 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the 
date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
not be less than 5 business days; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-PAYMENT-DELAY” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms (such other party 
being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, a calculation agent under 
at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes issues and (b) a service 
provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of the Issuer)) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Delayed Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest Payment 
Delay Days following each Interest Period Date; provided that the Delayed 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will 
be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
 “i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to d0, representing 
each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day“i””);

--- Page 67 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 “ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day“i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day“i”  up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1);   
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for that 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
Where “SOFR Payment Delay” applies for the purposes of calculating 
SOFR Benchmark with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period where 
SOFR Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR 
reference rate for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from, and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date or the relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, 
shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-COMPOUNDED” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, 
a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes 
issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of 
the Issuer)) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
 
where: 
 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period; 
 “SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website at the SOFR Determination Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, provided that if the value specified 
above does not appear and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest 
Accrual 
Period, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND”, and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 68 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
 “SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
to, but excluding, the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website (or such 
successor administrator’s) on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, 
unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Independent Adviser as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-

--- Page 69 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR 
or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order presented 
in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Independent 
Adviser as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Independent Adviser giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Independent Adviser decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Independent Adviser 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or

--- Page 70 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is 
no longer representative, that its methodology has materially changed or that 
the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (copies of which may be obtained 
from the International Swaps and Derivatives Association at www.isda.org) or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, 
including the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as amended , amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes). 
 “ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions

--- Page 71 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York Federal 
Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Repayment Events), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long 
as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date and shall continue 
to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(c) below. 
 
(F) 
When "Screen Rate Determination - €STR"  is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms  as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to be determined , the 
Rate of Interest may be calculated using either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR 
Shift Compound, as follows:  
 
 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
 
 
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accural Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
 
Where:

--- Page 72 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 “€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, 
a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes 
issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of 
the Issuer)) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage 
point, 
with 
0.000005 
being 
rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling 
“p” T2 Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, and 
including, the last T2 Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period which shall 
not be less than 5 Business Days; 
“T2 Business Day” means a day on which the T2 System is operating. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final 
Terms, a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium 
term notes issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled 
subsidiary of the Issuer)) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and

--- Page 73 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+€STRi×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
]× 360
d  
Where 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” for any Observation Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for that T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, 
the last T2 Business Day in such Observation Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following T2 Business in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date that is a number of T2 Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such 
Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date that is a number of T2 
Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accural Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms which shall not be less than 5 Business 
Days;  
“T2 Business Day” means a day on which the T2 System is operating. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business 
Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index

--- Page 74 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms (such other party 
being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final Terms, a calculation agent under 
at least three other then outstanding euro medium term notes issues and (b) a service 
provider other than the Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of the Issuer)), (i) the Rate 
of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or 
Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue Date specified in such Final 
Terms, a calculation agent under at least three other then outstanding euro medium 
term notes issues and (b) a service provider other than the Issuer and any controlled 
subsidiary of the Issuer)) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms (such other party being (a) as at the Issue 
Date specified in such Final Terms, a calculation agent under at least three other then 
outstanding euro medium term notes issues and (b) a service provider other than the 
Issuer and any controlled subsidiary of the Issuer)) sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(F): 
 “ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or

--- Page 75 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for 
the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area

--- Page 76 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term 
rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at 
or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business 
Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
 “Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
 “Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank. 
 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the relevant Final Terms specify 
a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period shall not be less than zero per cent. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the

--- Page 77 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(1) 
if "Actual-Actual" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if "Actual-365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(3) 
if "Actual-Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If the Interest 
Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(4) 
if "Actual-360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(5) 
if "30-360", "360-360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 78 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(6) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(7) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 
12 months of 30 days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
 × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)] 
(8) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
1
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 79 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last calendar day of February 
but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case, the number of calendar days in the Interest 
Period is calculated from and including the first calendar day of the Interest Period to 
but excluding the last calendar day of the Interest Period. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Paris Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)) thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to the Issuer, each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to Holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(b), 
whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Holders of Notes and Coupons and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Holders of Notes and the Coupons shall attach 
to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 80 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Fiscal Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices). 
(d) 
CNY Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each CNY Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to 
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default and Repayment Events), the accrued 
interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. Unless otherwise agreed in the relevant Final 
Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
(e) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes  
Each Fixed to Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may decide to convert at the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or (ii) which shall be 
automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate at the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
6 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and,

--- Page 81 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. Any payment validly made to any 
such Account Holders, or to any such Bank (as defined below) designated by any Noteholder, will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payment. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, 
or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank (as 
defined below). 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the country for such Specified Currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). References to "Specified 
Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder 
or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration 
Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) a 
Paying Agent having its specified offices in at least one major European city, including in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated 
Market so require, in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading, (v) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any 
other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation 
and Reconventioning) with a view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity

--- Page 82 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and 
such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date 
for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any 
accrued interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, 
with the amount of any accrued interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal 
so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Amortised Face Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (each as 
defined below), as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any accrued 
interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation 
of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(h) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the Holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of such delay. In this 
Condition, "Payment Day" means any calendar day which is:

--- Page 83 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business, or in the case 
of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(i) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollars 
If Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, the Issuer, on giving not 
less than five nor more than 30 calendar days irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) 
to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of 
such payment by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Spot Rate on the second FX 
Business Day prior to such payment or, if such rate is not available on such second FX Business Day, on the 
basis of the rate most recently available prior to such second FX Business Day. 
Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will constitute valid payment, and will not 
constitute a default in respect of the Notes. 
"FX Business Day" shall mean a calendar day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in U.S. dollars in Hong Kong and New 
York. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the CNY Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two CNY Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of the CNY Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after 
the issue date of such CNY Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside 
Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any 
law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes 
effective on or after the issue date of the relevant CNY Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong. 
"Spot Rate" means the spot U.S. dollar/CNY exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the 
over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the date of determination, 
on a deliverable basis by reference to the most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY official fixing rate for 
settlement in two FX Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or 
such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.

--- Page 84 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any holder of the Notes for any 
determination of any Spot Rate determined in accordance with this provision in the absence of its own gross 
negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Payments) by the Calculation Agent, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
(j) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
or designate, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(ii) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed on the Maturity Date 
("Final Redemption Amount"); 
(iii) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed early for tax reasons 
("Early Redemption Amount"); 
(iv) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of the Notes which are redeemed early at the option of 
the Issuer and/or the Noteholders ("Optional Redemption Amount(s)"), if applicable; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its principal amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes of any Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices), the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of France or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including the cessation of tax 
exemptions presently applicable), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is

--- Page 85 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion, of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
In addition, if the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained above, then the Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes then outstanding, upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days' irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given, shall 
be the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment without withholding for French taxes, 
or if such date has passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in paragraph (h) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption notified by the Issuer. No further interest shall accrue on the Notes following such date of 
redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem, the Issuer shall, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised Notes, 
the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in 
such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes, the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in 
a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised 
Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option:  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from (a) the Call Option Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, which shall be no earlier than (i) three months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes

--- Page 86 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes 
having a maturity of more than 10 years, until (b) the Maturity Date.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than 10 years or the maturity of more 
than ten (10) years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If the Issuer is specified in the Final Terms as having a clean-up call option, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes of any Series 
for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, 20 per cent. or less 
of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes of such Series remain outstanding, provided 
that those Notes that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 7(g) 
(Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with 
any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption of the Notes at the Option of the Holders (Put Option) 
If the Holders of Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem, upon the 
Holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 calendar days' notice or such other period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. If the Holders of Notes are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as having an option to redeem then the Holders of Notes shall not have any option to 
redeem such Notes as described in this sub-paragraph (f). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the Holder of such Note must deliver a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of 
any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice"), at any time within the notice period during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent. In the Put Notice the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. No option so exercised 
and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. 
(g) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 calendar days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a "Make-
whole Redemption Date")) redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their 
Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount.

--- Page 87 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
up to and including the Maturity Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option (set out in Condition 7(d)) is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if 
the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption before the Call Option Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Make-whole Redemption Amount will be calculated taking 
into account the Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 7(d) and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation"). 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, in 
each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, selected by the 
Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. 
(CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 7(c) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 7(g).

--- Page 88 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes with a Final Redemption Amount at their 
principal amount; 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be made (i) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note other than a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, on the basis of a 360-
calendar day year consisting of 12 months of 30 calendar days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, 
the number of calendar days elapsed; and (ii) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note payable in euro, on the basis 
of the actual number of calendar days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the calendar days elapsed falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those calendar days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the 
number of those calendar days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) or (in either case) on such other 
calculation basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Accrual Yield" means the accrual yield specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Reference Price" means the reference price specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation or, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, held in 
custody by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or sold, resold or otherwise disposed of by the Issuer in accordance 
and within the limits set by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier as 
amended from time to time. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Repayment Events) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph 
(f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 89 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Fiscal Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(l) 
Obligation to redeem 
Upon the expiry of any notice as is referred to in paragraph (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) above, the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Notes to which the notice referred at the relevant redemption price applicable at the 
date of such redemption together with, if appropriate, interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
redemption date. 
8 
TAXATION  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by or on behalf of the Republic of France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder of a Note or Coupon who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than 
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the Holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who would be able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the EU. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of France, references in 
these Conditions to the Republic of France shall be construed as references to the Republic of France and/or such 
other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party. 
9 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include 
Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 90 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
10 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REPAYMENT EVENTS 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers)), upon request of any Noteholder, 
may, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause all the 
Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued interest thereon (including, where applicable, any accrued interest), as of the date on which 
such notice for payment is received by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if one or more of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and is continuing: 
(a) 
any amount in respect of the Notes shall not be paid on its due date, and such default shall not be remedied 
within a period of 30 calendar days from and including such date in the case of interest and within a period 
of 15 calendar days from and including such date in the case of principal unless in any such event the amount 
due is not paid due to circumstances affecting the making or clearing of the payment which are outside the 
control of the Issuer, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default so long as such 
circumstances continue in existence; or 
(b) 
any other obligation relating to the Notes shall not be fulfilled within a period of 30 calendar days from and 
excluding the date of receipt by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent of a written notification requiring the same to 
be remedied which shall have been given, by any Holder of a Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
(i) any borrowed money of the Issuer or of any Principal Subsidiary becomes due and repayable prematurely 
by reason of a default in relation thereto and is not repaid prior to expiry of any applicable grace period or 
(ii) any such borrowed money is not paid at maturity as extended by any applicable grace period or (iii) any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any borrowed money of a third party given by the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary is not honoured when due and called upon or within any applicable grace period, unless the Issuer 
or such Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, has disputed in good faith that any such borrowed money 
is due or payable or that any such guarantee or indemnity is callable, and such dispute has been submitted 
to a competent court, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder so long as 
the dispute shall not have been finally adjudicated and provided that in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) of this 
Condition 10(c), such borrowed money of the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary, or the amount of the 
failure to pay by the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary under such guarantee or indemnity given in 
respect of such third party borrowed money, is in an aggregate nominal amount of at least €300,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency), unless in any such event the amount due is not paid due to 
circumstances affecting the making or clearing of the payment which are outside the control of the Issuer or 
the Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default 
so long as such circumstances continue in existence; or 
(d) 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debts 
or ceases its payments (including, without limitation, a cessation des paiements under French law) or a 
judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (including, without limitation, a liquidation judiciaire under 
French law) or for a transfer of the whole of the business (including, without limitation, a cession totale de 
l'entreprise under French law) of the Issuer or of any Principal Subsidiary or anything equivalent to such a 
proposal, settlement or transfer occurs with respect to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or if the Issuer 
or any Principal Subsidiary makes a conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors; or 
(e) 
an order is made by any competent authority or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of any of the Issuer's Principal Subsidiaries (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation, or restructuring or other similar 
arrangement whilst solvent (including, without limitation, any fusion-absorption or any apport partiel 
d'actifs under French law)) or an order is made by any competent authority or an effective resolution is 
passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation, or restructuring or other similar 
arrangement whilst solvent (including, without limitation, any fusion-absorption or any apport partiel 
d'actifs under French law) where the entity resulting from or surviving following such amalgamation,

--- Page 91 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
reorganisation, merger, consolidation or restructuring or similar arrangement, assumes or owes the 
obligations resulting from the Notes). 
For the purposes of this Condition 10 (Events of Default and Repayment Events): 
(i) 
a "Principal Subsidiary" means any company or other entity the accounts of which are consolidated with 
those of the Issuer and which, together with its own Subsidiaries, accounts for at least 15 per cent. of the 
net consolidated annual sales of the Issuer as disclosed from time to time in the Issuer's latest consolidated 
annual financial statements; 
(ii) 
a "Subsidiary" means, in respect of any entity (the "First Entity") at any particular time, any other entity: 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Entity controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of such other entity or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles or standards, consolidated with those of the First Entity. 
11 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer 
for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the 
fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either (i) they 
are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a calendar day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
through an avis issued by Euronext Paris and, if the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market 
so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, through an avis 
issued by Euronext Paris and, if the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
any other Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 12 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that (i)

--- Page 92 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, notices shall be published through an avis 
issued by Euronext Paris, and if the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (ii) as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located, and (iii) notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of 
the General Meetings pursuant to Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers) shall also be published in 
a leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe.  
(e) 
Any notice published pursuant to this Condition 12 (Notices) shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
(f) 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
13 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS AND WAIVERS  
(a) 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 13. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes. 
(b) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
(c) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of 
any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.

--- Page 93 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(e) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) by the 
consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Resolution").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series 
(f) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one 
of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented 
hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, 
no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at the 
start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting , the Issuer 
may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a 
provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed.  
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the 
principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(g) 
 Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders of such Series by way of a resolution in writing (a "Written 
Resolution"). Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders of such 
Series. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution

--- Page 94 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 12 (Notices) no less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by Noteholders 
who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will, by virtue of having expressed their 
approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date, have irrevocably undertaken not to dispose of their 
Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
Written Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are outstanding, without having to comply with 
formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 12(f). Approval of a Written Resolution may also be given 
by Electronic Consent. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution 
passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Further Issues 
and Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders and Waivers), the term "outstanding" 
shall not include those Notes that are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
14 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Terms and 
Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or 
filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing 
any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
15 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders of Notes 
or Coupons to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall 
be consolidated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the 
Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or 
after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in

--- Page 95 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
accordance with this Condition 15 (Further Issues and Consolidation), without the consent of the Holders of 
Notes or Coupons, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by 
it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other 
Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, 
in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
16 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 16 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is applicable to 
the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to 
become, a Euro Participating Member State (as defined below), the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Holders of Notes or Coupons, on giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice to such Holders and the Paying 
Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes 
falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Euro Participating Member State. 
(b) 
Redenomination and Renominalisation: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect 
from the Redenomination Date: 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal 
amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into 
euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European 
Union regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent 
then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is 
different from that specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Holders, each stock exchange (if any) on which 
the Notes are then listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(i) 
if Materialised Notes have been issued: 
(A) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to 
the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the "Euro Exchange Date") on 
which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro Exchange Notice") to the Holders that 
replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in euro are available for exchange (provided 
that such Notes and Coupons are available) and no payments will be made in respect 
thereof; 
(B) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified Currency will 
become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder 
(including the obligation to exchange such Notes in accordance with this Condition 16) 
shall remain in full force and effect; and 
(C) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Notes and 
Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Fiscal Agent may 
specify and as shall be notified to the Holders in the Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or after 
such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the euro, payments of interest 
in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro 
by cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of any Member State of the European Union. 
(c) 
Interest and Reconventioning: Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 16, where 
Materialised Notes have been issued, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant Holder. In addition, the Issuer may make such changes

--- Page 96 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
to the day count fraction and business days applicable to the Notes in accordance with current market practice 
for Notes denominated in euro. 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the Interest 
Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second T2 Settlement Day before the first calendar day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, 
"Euro Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts or has adopted the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any calendar day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
17 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(i) 
Governing law: The Notes (and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(ii) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be submitted 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Paris Commercial Court.

--- Page 97 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, (the 
"Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C Rules 
or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" below), in whole, but 
not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global Certificate 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base 
Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to 
Condition 15(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after 
the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in any relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of any Notes, after deduction of any 
management and underwriting commissions, any selling concessions and, when relevant, the expenses incurred in connection 
with the issue of any Notes, will be used by the Issuer for general financing and corporate purposes.

--- Page 99 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
BUSINESS OF SANOFI  
 
Information on the Company 
Sanofi is a leading global healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, 
manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions.  
Its net sales were €37,761 million in 2021 and €42,997 million in 2022.  
Sanofi is a holding company and as a result its financial and trading position depends on the financial and trading position of 
its principal subsidiaries. Sanofi operates under the laws of France.  
Sanofi is the parent company of a consolidated group of almost 270 companies. A list of its principal subsidiaries can be found 
in Note F to its consolidated financial statements included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F incorporated 
by reference herein.  
Sanofi has three principal activities: Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Healthcare, and Vaccines. These activities were operating 
segments within the meaning of the IFRS 8 accounting standard until Q1 2023 (see Note D.35. to the consolidated financial 
statements, included at Item 18 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F). Since the reporting of Q1 2023, there are now two 
operating segments within the meaning of the IFRS 8 accounting standard: the Biopharma segments which include the 
Pharmaceuticals and Vaccines activities, and the CHC segment (see Appendix 1 and 2 of the Q1 Press Release for the 
comprehensive segment reporting).  
Sanofi's activities include: Dupixent®; Neurology & Immunology; Rare Diseases; Oncology; Rare Blood Disorders; General 
Medicines Core assets and General Medicines Non-Core assets; Consumer Healthcare; and Vaccines.  
Within its pharmaceutical's activity, which generated net sales of €26,970 million in 2021 and €30,688 million in 2022, Sanofi 
specialises in the following therapeutic areas: 
- 
Specialty Care:  
o 
Dupixent® (dupilumab), a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 
(IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. Dupilumab is jointly developed 
by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date, dupilumab has been studied across 
more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10,000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part 
by type 2 inflammation. The dupilumab development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a 
decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase III trials, establishing that (IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central 
drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple inflammatory diseases, such as atopic 
dermatitis (AD), asthma, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis, eosinophilic esophagitis and prurigo 
nodularis. Dupixent® comes in either a pre-filled syringe for use in a clinic or at home by self-administration 
as a subcutaneous injection, or in a pre-filled pen for at-home administration, providing patients with a more 
convenient option.  
o 
Multiple sclerosis: with Aubagio®, a once-daily oral immunomodulator agent with anti-inflammatory 
properties; and Lemtrada®, a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting the CD52 antigen. 
o 
Rheumatoid Arthritis: with Kevzara®, a human monoclonal antibody that binds to the interleukin-6 receptor 
(IL-6R) and has been shown to inhibit IL-6R mediated signaling. IL-6 is a cytokine in the body that, in excess 
and over time, can contribute to the inflammation associated with rheumatoid arthritis. 
o 
Rare Diseases: with a portfolio of enzyme replacement therapies including Cerezyme® for Gaucher disease, 
an enzyme replacement therapy used to treat Gaucher disease, a chronic, inherited, progressive and 
potentially life-threatening LSD; Cerdelga®, an oral highly specific ceramide analog for Gaucher disease; 
Myozyme®, Lumizyme® and Nexviazyme® for Pompe disease; Fabrazyme® for Fabry disease, 
Aldurazyme® for mucopolysaccharidosis Type 1 (MPS 1) and Xenpozyme® designed to treat deficient or 
defective acid sphingomyelinase (ASMD).  
o 
Oncology: with Sarclisa®, a monoclonal antibody that binds a specific epitope on the human CD38 receptor 
and has antitumor activity via multiple mechanisms of action; Libtayo®, a fully human monoclonal antibody

--- Page 100 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
targeting the immune checkpoint receptor PD-1 (programmed cell death protein-1), for the treatment of 
certain patients with metastatic cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) or advanced CSCC; Jevtana® 
(cabazitaxel), a semi-synthetic second-generation taxane that prevents many cancer cells from dividing, 
which ultimately results in destroying many such cells; Fasturtec®/Elitek®, used for the management of 
plasma uric levels in patients with leukemia, lymphoma, and solid tumor malignancies receiving anticancer 
therapies. 
o 
Rare Blood Disorders: with Eloctate® and Alprolix®, extended half-life clotting-factor therapies for the 
treatment of adults and children with hemophilia A and B, respectively; Cablivi® (caplacizumab), a bivalent 
nanobody for the treatment of adults experiencing an episode of acquired thrombotic thrombocytopenic 
purpura; and Enjaymo®  a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of a variety of immune disorders including 
hemolytic anemia in adult patients with cold agglutinin disease (CAD). 
- 
General Medicines: Sanofi has prioritized core medicines with differentiated and/or established profiles that have 
significant opportunity for growth in key markets. Some of these well-established medicines are the standard-of-care 
for patients living with diabetes or cardiovascular disease. These core medicines include among others 
Toujeo®,Lovenox®, Plavix®, Praluent®, Multaq®, Thymoglobulin®, Mozobil®,  Rezurock® and Soliqua®. 
o 
Core Assets: Toujeo® (insulin glargine 300 units/mL), a long-acting analog of human insulin, indicated for 
the treatment of diabetes mellitus in adults; Lovenox® / Clexane® a low molecular weight heparin for the 
prophylaxis and treatment of venous thromboembolism and of acute coronary syndrome; Plavix® / Iscover®, 
an anti-platelet agent indicated for a number of atherothrombotic conditions; Praluent® a cholesterol-
lowering drug that inhibits PCSK9; Multaq®, an antiarrhythmic drug in atrial fibrillation; Thymoglobulin® 
(anti-thymocyte Globulin), a polyclonal anti-human thymocyte antibody preparation that acts as a broad 
immunosuppressive and immunomodulating agent; Mozobil® (plerixafor injection), a hematopoietic stem 
cell mobilizer; Rezurock™ (belumosudil), a selective ROCK2 inhibitor; Soliqua® 100/33 or Suliqua®, a 
once-daily combination of insulin glargine 100 Units/mL, a long-acting analog of human insulin, and 
lixisenatide, a GLP-1 receptor agonist; Apidra® (insulin glulisine), a rapid-acting human insulin analog; ; 
Admelog® or Insulin lispro Sanofi®, a rapid-acting insulin; Truvelog™/ Insulin aspart Sanofi®, a rapid-
acting insulin; Integrated Digital Care Solutions, Sanofi, in collaboration with Abbott and Biocorp, 
Health2Sync and Roche, is building a connected set of digital tools and features to support people living with 
diabetes and taking insulin.  
o 
Non-Core Assets: Lantus® (insulin glargine 100 units/mL), a long-acting analog of human insulin, indicated 
for once-daily administration for the treatment of diabetes mellitus in adults, adolescents and children aged 2 
years and above; Aprovel® and Avapro® / Karvea®, anti-hypertensives; Renagel® and Renvela®, oral 
phosphate binders for use in patients undergoing dialysis; Synvisc® and Synvisc-One®, viscosupplements 
used to reduce pain in patients suffering from osteoarthritis of certain joints; and Depakine® , a broad-
spectrum anti-epileptic treatment for epilepsy and a mood stabilizer; Taxotere® (docetaxel), a chemotherapy 
drug and cytotoxic agent which is a semi-synthetic taxane; Eloxatin® (oxaliplatin), a chemotherapy drug 
which is a platinum-based cytotoxic agent; ; Zaltrap® (aflibercept/ziv-aflibercept), a recombinant fusion 
protein and different generics; Amaryl®/Amarel®/Solosa® (glimepiride), an oral once-daily sulfonylurea; 
Generics in emerging markets, especially in Latin America with two top-of-mind brands - Medley (Brazil) 
and Genfar (Colombia, Peru, Ecuador and Central America) – and also in Russia, South Africa and Turkey. 
The Vaccines activity is operated through Sanofi Pasteur. Net sales from vaccines amounted to €6,323 million in 2021 and 
€7,229 million in 2022, with leading vaccines in six areas: Poliomyelitis, Pertussis and Hib pediatric vaccines, meningitis 
vaccines, booster vaccines, travel and endemic vaccines and, influenza vaccines and COVID vaccines.  
The Consumer Healthcare (CHC) activity, which generated net sales of €4,468 in 2021 and €5,080 million in 2022, is focused 
around strategic categories: Allergy Cough & Cold, Pain, Digestive, Nutritional and Others.  
Collaborations are essential to Sanofi's business and a certain number of its products, whether on the market or under 
development, are in licensed products relying on third-party rights or technologies.  
The contact address of the directors and senior management, as described under "Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and 
Employees" of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F incorporated by reference herein, is the same as the registered office of 
the Issuer as found on page 118 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 101 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Paris – 24 February 2023 – Sanofi announced that on 22 February 2023, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 
approved ALTUVIIIOTM which resulted in an adjustment to IFRS net income for the year ended 31 December 2022 as 
presented in the Sanofi press release issued on 3 February 2023. Following the adjustment, for the year ended 31 December 
2022, IFRS net income amounts to €8,371 million (versus €6,720 million as per the press release of 3 February 2023); earnings 
per share (IFRS EPS) amounts to €6.69 (versus €5.37 as per the press release of February 3, 2023); and total equity amounts 
to €75,152 million (versus €73,512 million as per the press release of 3 February 2023). 
Paris and Tarrytown, N.Y. – 18 March 2023 – Sanofi announced positive results from the clinical trial assessing Dupixent® 
(dupilumab) in adults and adolescents with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis. The trial, the first 
evaluating a biologic for this difficult-to-treat population, met its primary and key secondary endpoints. The results were 
featured in a late-breaking session, one of more than 20 Dupixent scientific presentations, at the American Academy of 
Dermatology (AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting. 
Paris – 27 April 2023 - Sanofi announced the completion of its acquisition of Provention Bio, Inc. (“Provention Bio”). The 
acquisition adds TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv), an innovative, fully owned, first-in-class therapy in type 1 diabetes to Sanofi’s 
core asset portfolio in General Medicines and further drives its strategic shift toward products with a differentiated profile.  
Paris – 12 May 2023 - Sanofi announced that new data from the HARMONIE Phase 3b clinical trial show an 83.21% (95% 
CI 67.77 to 92.04; P<0.001) reduction in hospitalizations due to RSV-related LRTD in infants under 12 months of age who 
received a single dose of nirsevimab, compared to infants who received no RSV intervention. Nirsevimab is a  long-acting 
antibody designed for all infants for protection against RSV disease from birth through their first RSV season with a single 
dose, and is being developed jointly by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. 
Paris and Tarrytown – 21 May 2023 – Sanofi announced that Positive Phase 3 results evaluating the investigational use of 
Dupixent® (dupilumab) compared to placebo in adults currently on maximal standard-of-care inhaled therapy (triple therapy) 
with uncontrolled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and evidence of type 2 inflammation were shared on 21 
May  in the 2023 American Thoracic Society (ATS) International Conference session “New England Journal of Medicine and 
JAMA. Discussion on the Edge: Reports of Recently Published Pulmonary Research” and simultaneously published in the 
New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM). These results were also be presented in the “Breaking News: Clinical Trial Results 
in Pulmonary Medicine” session on 22 May 2023. 
Paris – 25 May 2023 – The Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting of Sanofi was held on 25 May 2023, under the 
chairmanship of Serge Weinberg. The General Meeting approved the individual Company and consolidated financial 
statements for the fiscal year 2022. The General Meeting decided on the distribution of an ordinary annual dividend of €3.56 
per share. The payment of the dividend was made on 1 June 2023. The General Meeting also approved the appointment of 
Frédéric Oudéa as Independent Director. The Board of Directors, in its meeting held after the General Meeting, appointed 
Frédéric Oudéa as Chairman of the Board of Directors to succeed Serge Weinberg whose term of office expired at the end of 
the General Meeting. Serge Weinberg has been appointed as Honorary Chairman. On the proposal of the Appointments, 
Governance and CSR Committee, Frédéric Oudéa has been appointed as the Chairman of the Strategy Committee, member of 
the Appointments, Governance and CSR Committee and of the Scientific Committee. 
Paris – 1 June 2023 – Sanofi launched Action 2023, its global employee shareholder plan, open to around 86,000 employees 
in 56 countries. The program builds on plans carried out since 2013 and demonstrates the ongoing commitment of Sanofi and 
its Board of Directors to involve all employees, across all its territories, in the future development and results of the Company. 
Paris – 8 June 2023 – Sanofi announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Antimicrobial Drugs Advisory 
Committee (AMDAC) voted unanimously 21 to 0 that Sanofi and AstraZeneca’s nirsevimab has a favorable benefit risk profile 
for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) in newborns and infants born 
during or entering their first RSV season. The Committee also voted 19 to 2 in support of nirsevimab’s favorable benefit risk 
profile for children up to 24 months of age who remain vulnerable to severe RSV disease through their second RSV season. 
Paris – 20 June 2023 – Sanofi announced that in an International Chamber of Commerce dispute, the tribunal dismissed BI’s 
indemnification claim against Sanofi and confirmed that Sanofi shall not be liable to indemnify BI for any potential losses in 
relation to the ongoing Zantac litigation in the U.S. This decision is final and non-appealable.

--- Page 102 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Paris – 25 June 2023 – Pivotal data from the Phase 3 XTEND-Kids study evaluating ALTUVIIIOTM [Antihemophilic Factor 
(Recombinant), Fc-VWF-XTEN Fusion Protein] once-weekly prophylaxis, a first-in-class, high-sustained factor VIII 
replacement therapy, in previously treated patients younger than 12 years of age with severe hemophilia A were presented on 
25 June 2023 in a late-breaking session at the Annual Meeting of the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis 
(ISTH) in Montreal, Canada. The oral presentation detailed results from the XTEND-Kids study and confirmed that 
ALTUVIIIO met the primary endpoint with no inhibitor development to factor VIII detected, and key secondary endpoints 
including annualized bleeding rate (ABR) and maintenance of factor VIII activity above pre-specified levels. In the pediatric 
population, clearance of administered factor concentrates in the blood is greater than in adults, often meaning injections are 
needed 2-4 times per week using standard (SHL) or extended half-life (EHL) factor VIII products. These data confirm that a 
once-weekly 50 IU/kg dose of ALTUVIIIO provides highly effective bleed protection in both children and adults and can be 
used across clinical scenarios. 
Issue of U.S. commercial paper  
 
The total aggregate amount of U.S. commercial paper outstanding as at 23 June 2023 was U.S.$ 2.8 billion.

--- Page 103 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [] 
Sanofi 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 25,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 549300E9PC51EN656011 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 20186, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. The Issuer is not a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
 
6 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023.

--- Page 104 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all “relevant persons” (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018)]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)].] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 28 June 2023 [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined in the Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2023) (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are 
available for viewing at [address] during normal business hours [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address] 
and will be available on the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") website (www.amf-france.org).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "[] Conditions") set forth 
in the base prospectus dated []. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined in the Base Prospectus dated []) and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated [] [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the [] Conditions which are extracted from 
the base prospectus dated [] and are incorporated by reference hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus dated [] and the [] 
Conditions [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] and []]. [The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing at [address] during normal business hours [and] [website] and copies may be 
obtained from [address] and will be available on the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") website (www.amf-
france.org).] 
1. 
 (i)      Series Number: 
[] 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[]] 
[(iii)  Date on which Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [identify 
earlier tranche] on []/the Issue Date which is expected to occur on 
or about []] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from []] (in the case of fungible notes only, if applicable)]

--- Page 105 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[] 
[(ii) Interest Commencement Date:] 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[[]/[insert if Floating Rate Notes] Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[SONIA/SOFR/€STR] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, 
up to (but excluding) [] paragraph [13]/[14] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13]/[14] applies]/ [Not Applicable].  
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Redemption] [will apply unless otherwise specified] 
[Clean-up call option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
11. 
(i)    Status of the Notes: 
Senior unsecured 
(ii) 
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
12. 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
 
(Condition 5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other []] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [insert Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day"]7/ [not adjusted] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[] per [] in Nominal Amount8 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[30-360]/[Actual-Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual-360] 
 
7 Applicable for CNY Notes 
8 Not applicable for CNY Notes

--- Page 106 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
(vi) Fixed Interest Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
Only relevant where Fixed Day Count Fraction is Actual-Actual 
(ICMA)) 
(vii) Party responsible for calculation of 
Interest Amounts (if not the Fiscal 
Agent)9: 
 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
 
(Condition 5(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv)  Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[FBF Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify currency] prior 
to [the first day in each Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[]  
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination – SONIA:  [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– "p" 
[•] / [Not Applicable]  
 
9 Applicable for CNY Notes

--- Page 107 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
– Calculation Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method] 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination – SOFR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– Calculation Method: 
[SOFR Lockout Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Payment Delay / SOFR Index Compounded] 
– [ISDA Definitions: 
[the 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
– [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
– [Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days [Not Applicable]] 
– [Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days [Not Applicable]] 
– [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s)] 
− [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s)]  
– [SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days [Not Applicable]] 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
– [SOFR Payment Delay: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
– [Interest Payment Delay Days: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s)] (Only if SOFR 
Payment Delay is applicable) 
(xii) Screen Rate Determination – €STR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)  
– 
 Calculation Method: 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift Compound]] 
– 
 Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[] T2 Business Days / Not Applicable]] 
– 
 Observation Shift Days: 
[[] T2 Business Days / Not Applicable]] 
(xiii) FBF Determination 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
– 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
[] 
(xv) Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(xvi) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[ ] per cent. per annum] [Must not be less than zero per cent.] 
(xvii) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/365 (FBF)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] / [Actual/360 (adjusted/unadjusted)] / [30/360]

--- Page 108 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
/ [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E-360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E-360 
(FBF)] / [30E-360 (ISDA)] / [Not Applicable]  
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
 
(Condition 7(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] specified denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(iv) Notice period: 
[] 
17. 
Put Option 
 
(Condition 7(f)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Note of [] specified denomination 
(iii) Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Make-whole Redemption 
(Condition 7(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-whole Redemption Date and 
Make-whole Redemption Amount (if 
other than set out in Condition 7(g)): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[] 
(iii) Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on Redeemed 
Notes in the determination of the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual]

--- Page 109 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
(iv)   Reference Security: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi)  Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) Quotation Agent: 
[] /[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(Condition 7(d)) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraph below) 
 
(i) Call Option Date: 
[] 
20. 
Clean-up call option 
(Condition 7(e)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount  
(for tax reasons)  
(Condition 7(b) and 7(h)) 
[[100] / [] per cent. per Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation basis: [As set out in the Condition 7(h)/[]] 
 
  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes 
are only in bearer form) (Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)[/Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif)]]  
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] (if Applicable give name and details. 
Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Notes only.) 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [•] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 calendar 
days after the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (Note that this item relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 13(ii) and 14(iv) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] (Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions [in Condition 16] apply] 
26. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 15] apply] 
27. 
Representation of holders of Notes/Masse: 
Condition 13 applies 
[The Initial Representative shall be: [•]] 
[The Alternative Representative shall be: [•]] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [•] per 
year/The Representative will not be entitled to a remuneration]

--- Page 110 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
28. 
(i) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] (If applicable, give name) 
29. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
30. 
[Total commission and concession: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
31. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable]  
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party information) has 
been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ...............................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading and 
listing: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be [listed and] admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be [listed and] admitted to trading on []] with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
The Issuer has securities of the same class listed on [●]. (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original Notes 
are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[]  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Scope: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] The list of credit rating agencies registered or certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the 
ESMA 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation). 
 [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation ").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not

--- Page 112 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]  
[Brief explanation of the meaning of the relevant ratings to be 
included if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider; to be extracted from the relevant rating provider’s 
website] 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in [●], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer."][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing purposes of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries.]/ [] 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
will need to include those reasons here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
5.  
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[].] 
 
 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
Historic interest rates: 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR or any other 
reference 
rate] 
rates 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].] 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR] which is provided by [●]. 
As at [date], [[●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the 
"Benchmarks Regulation")]. [The [European Central Bank] [the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [the Bank of England] does 
not currently fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation") by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As at [date], [

--- Page 113 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority’s register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.]] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [⚫] is not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
 Common Code: 
[] 
(iii)  Depositaries: 
 
(a) Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
[Yes/No] (Address) 
(b) Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme: 
[Yes/No](Address) 
(c) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear France, Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] (If applicable, give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]) 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agents: 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France 
 
(vi) Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[]

--- Page 114 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement (the "Dealer Agreement") dated 28 June 2023, agreed with 
the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Dealer 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the maintenance of 
the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States of America  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that the Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable State 
securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver Notes, of any identifiable 
Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the 
distribution of any identifiable Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to and in reliance on Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche of Notes) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside the 
United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for 
any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, 
is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person 
or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
 
b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 115 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.  
 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 
of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws 
and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 116 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered 
or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as 
defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer, 
sell, transfer or deliver any Zero Coupon Notes in The Netherlands as part of their initial distribution (or immediately 
thereafter) or as part of any re-offering.  
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the 
Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy, except: (i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February  1998 (as amended, the "Financial Services Act") 
and CONSOB regulations; or (ii) in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under subparagraph (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 
and 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or any other 
Italian authority. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than 
(a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; 
and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the

--- Page 117 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes, directly or indirectly, in the PRC 
or to PRC persons, for such purpose, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan, 
except as permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of any invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
any invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an 
accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary 
of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA), of that corporation or beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or where such transfer to any person arises from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)  
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland  
 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA 
only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and 
the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared 
for or in connection with the offering of the Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
General 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Notes on such stock exchange as may be specified in the Final Terms, no action 
has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of 
Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction 
(set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the 
date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers 
described in this paragraph headed "General" and applicable from time to time. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the relevant Dealer or, as the case may be, the 
Dealers. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this document. The 
relevant Dealers will be required to comply with such selling restrictions as so supplemented and/or modified. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.

--- Page 119 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The issue of Notes under the Programme constituting obligations under French law requires a resolution of the Conseil 
d'Administration (Board of Directors) of the Issuer and a decision of the Directeur Général (Chief Executive Officer) or 
Directeur Financier (Chief Financial Officer), the dates of which will be specified in the Final Terms. 
A resolution was passed by the Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of the Issuer on 2 February 2023 whereby the 
Board of Directors authorised for a duration of one year from 2 February 2023, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate amount 
of €3,000,000,000. 
2. 
AMF approval statement 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
3. 
Validity of Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its 
approval by the AMF, until 28 June 2024, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
4. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300E9PC51EN656011. 
Application has been made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading. 
As this Base Prospectus has been passported to Luxembourg under the passporting regime of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
application may  be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, 
Bourse de Luxembourg. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, Bourse de Luxembourg, is a regulated market 
for the purposes of EU MiFID II.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree. 
5. 
Documents Available 
So long as any Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme and/or remain outstanding, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (together with an English translation) of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from 
time to time); 
(ii) 
the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F,  the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F and the Q1 Press Release; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and

--- Page 120 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
(v) 
any future prospectuses (including Final Terms (save those Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be 
available for inspection by a Holder of such Note and such Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent as to the identity of such Holder)) and supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).   
The documents listed in (i), (ii), (iv) and (v) above will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.sanofi.com). 
6. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or 
the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). Dematerialised Notes 
which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. The address 
of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Trend Information and No Significant Change  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, nor has there been any 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 March 2023. 
8. 
Litigation and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed under the heading "Information on Legal or Arbitration Proceedings" on pages 151 and pages and F82 to 
F88 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F incorporated by reference herein, the Issuer has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the twelve (12) months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and /or the Group. 
9. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies' Conflicts of Interest 
Sanofi's corporate governance structure is disclosed at "Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees" on pages 83 
to 113 of the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F incorporated by reference herein; except as described in the “Recent 
Developments” section above, there has been no change to such corporate governance structure as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Issuer believes that there are currently no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and chief 
corporate officers to the Issuer, their private interests or other duties.  
10. 
Statutory Auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are the statutory auditors of the Issuer. Ernst & Young et Autres 
and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited or reviewed, and rendered unqualified reports on, the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at, and for period ended, 31 December 2022 and as at and for period ended, 31 December 2021. 
Ernst & Young et Autres and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes.

--- Page 121 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
11. 
Yield 
The yield in respect of the Notes is calculated on the basis of the issue price of the Notes and the rate of interest applicable to 
the Notes and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
12. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the 
"Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
the Stabilisation Manager(s), in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
13. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
Currencies 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States of America, 
those to "Japanese yen" and "Yen" refer to the currency of Japan, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the 
United Kingdom, those to "€", "EUR", "Euro" or "euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended, those to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic 
Confederation and those to "Renminbi" or "CNY" mean Renminbi Yuan and are to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region and 
Taiwan (the "PRC"). References in this document to "billions" are to thousands of millions. Certain figures included in this 
Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in 
different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them.  
15. 
Interest under Floating Rate Notes 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes (as described in "General Description of the Programme") 
may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates, which are provided by (i) the European Money Markets Institute (in 
relation to EURIBOR), (ii) the European Central Bank (in relation to €STR), (iii) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (in 
relation to SOFR) and (iv) the Bank of England (in relation to SONIA).

--- Page 122 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the European Central Bank, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Bank of England do not currently 
fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 123 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN  
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer  
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Sanofi 
46, avenue de la Grande Armée 
75017 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by Olivier Klaric, Senior Vice President Financing, Treasury and Insurance 
Signed in Paris on 28 June 2023 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent 
and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 28 June 2023 and is valid until 28 June 2024 and shall during this period, in 
accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of new material facts or substantial errors or  inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval 
number: 23-250.

--- Page 124 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
SANOFI 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE 
46, avenue de la Grande Armée 
75017 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
 
DEALERS 
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n  
Edificio Encinar, planta baja 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02RF29 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
BofA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING BANK N.V., BELGIAN BRANCH 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 125 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
MORGAN STANLEY EUROPE SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG SECURITIES (EUROPE) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris  
France 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
RBC EUROPE LIMITED 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS (EUROPE) GMBH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
  
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to French Law 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to French law  
White & Case LLP  
19 place Vendôme 
75001 Paris  
France  
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France