--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DATED 2 DECEMBER 2020 
 
Santander UK plc 
(incorporated under the laws of England and Wales) 
Programme for the issuance of 
Notes and Certificates 
Santander UK plc ("Santander UK" and the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") and redeemable certificates (the "Certificates" and, together 
with the Notes, the "N&C Securities"), denominated in any currency as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) under this Notes and 
Certificates Programme (the "Programme").  
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority in Ireland under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of 
Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the N&C Securities (as described below). Such approval relates only to the N&C Securities 
which are to be admitted to the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin") and trading on Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or which are to be offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("UK").  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to N&C Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or in 
the UK, and/or offered to the public in the EEA or the UK other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in it. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland, in accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, to provide to the relevant competent authority 
of the EEA or the UK and/or, such other competent authorities as it may require, from time to time, with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for N&C Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading 
on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may also be made to the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority in its capacity as competent authority (the "FCA") under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") for N&C Securities issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list maintained by the FCA and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange") for such N&C 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID II). The 
Programme provides that N&C Securities may be unlisted or listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The N&C Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time (the "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
"relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of N&C Securities being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such N&C Securities. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount or issue size of N&C Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of N&C Securities, where applicable, the issue price 
of N&C Securities, and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the Conditions) of N&C Securities will (other than in the case 
of Exempt N&C Securities, as defined below) be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland, (when publicly offered 
or listed on a regulated market in the United Kingdom) the FCA and, where listed, the London Stock Exchange or Euronext Dublin, as applicable. Copies of Final 
Terms in relation to N&C Securities to be listed on the London Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a regulatory 
information service and copies of Final Terms in relation to N&C Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
In the case of Exempt N&C Securities, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of N&C Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of N&C Securities, the issue 
price of N&C Securities and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement"). 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth herein under "Risk Factors" prior to making an investment decision with respect to the N&C 
Securities. If prospective investors are in any doubt about the risks or suitability of a particular N&C Security, they should seek professional advice.  
The N&C Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to certain United States tax law requirements. 
The N&C Securities, or interests therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States (including the states and the District of Colombia), its territories, possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction (the "United States") or 
directly or indirectly offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (i) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement 
Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), (iii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a 
"United States person" as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, 
as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (each such person, a "U.S. Person"). 
The N&C Securities do not constitute and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and trading in the N&C Securities has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
Dealer 
Santander UK plc

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
Further Information regarding the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all N&C Securities other than Exempt 
N&C Securities issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to N&C Securities 
that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK, and/or offered to the public 
in the EEA or the UK other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt N&C Securities" are to N&C Securities for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus 
is valid for a period of 12 months from the date hereof. 
Any N&C Securities issued under the Programme by the completion of the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions 
hereof. This Base Prospectus does not affect any securities already in issue under any other programme 
of the Issuer, prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. "Final Terms" means the terms set out in a final 
terms document, substantially in the form set out in this Base Prospectus, which complete the "General 
Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities" set out below and, together with the applicable Annex(es) 
relating to certain payouts, Equity Index Linked N&C Securities or Inflation Index Linked N&C 
Securities, are referred to as the "Conditions". Any reference in this Base Prospectus to "Issue Terms" 
means either (i) in respect of N&C Securities other than Exempt N&C Securities, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) in respect of N&C Securities that are Exempt N&C Securities, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and should be construed accordingly. 
The Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within 
this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Responsibility Statement  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Information sourced from third parties 
The applicable Issue Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility taken by the Issuer 
for the information relating to the underlying asset, index or other asset or basis of reference to which 
the relevant N&C Securities relate and which is contained in such Issue Terms. 
The Dealers and the contents of this Base Prospectus 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the N&C Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
Independent Investigation 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any N&C Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any N&C Securities 
should purchase any N&C Securities. Each investor contemplating purchasing any N&C Securities 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any N&C Securities constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any N&C Securities. Furthermore, neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any N&C Securities is, nor does it purport to be, investment advice. 
Unless expressly agreed otherwise with a particular investor, none of the Issuer or any Dealer is acting 
as an investment adviser or providing advice of any other nature, or assumes any fiduciary obligation, to 
any investor in N&C Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any N&C Securities shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the N&C Securities of any information 
coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
pursuant to any supplements hereto) when deciding whether or not to purchase any N&C Securities. 
Credit Ratings 
N&C Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of N&C 
Securities is rated such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt N&C Securities). 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch") and Standard & Poor's Credit 
Market Services Europe Limited ("S&P") are each established in the European Union and are each 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). Each of 
Moody's, Fitch and S&P is included in the list of the credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Subscription and sales and transfer restrictions in the United States 
Persons into whose possession offering material comes must inform themselves about and observe any 
such restrictions. This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection 
with, an offer to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or a solicitation by anyone not 
authorised so to act. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
N&C Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons, 
except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and offers of N&C Securities 
generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any N&C 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of N&C Securities may

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any N&C Securities may be lawfully offered in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering, or that all actions have been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public 
offering of any N&C Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable 
Issue Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering 
of any N&C Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no N&C Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any N&C Securities may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of N&C Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of N&C Securities in the United States and the European Economic Area 
(including the United Kingdom and Ireland), see "Subscription and Sale". 
Investment Considerations 
The N&C Securities may not be suitable for all investors 
Each potential investor in the N&C Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own 
or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the N&C 
Securities, the merits and risks of investing in the N&C Securities and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the N&C Securities and the impact the N&C 
Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
N&C Securities, including N&C Securities with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the N&C Securities and is familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
An investment in Equity Index or Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities may entail significant risks not 
associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but 
not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks associated with N&C Securities that are linked to one or more 
Reference Item(s)" below.  
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
terms of the N&C Securities being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the N&C Securities 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the N&C Securities

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
should satisfy itself that it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the N&C Securities for 
an indefinite period of time. 
Purchasers of such N&C Securities are deemed to have sufficient knowledge, experience and 
professional advice to make their own investment decisions and to have undertaken their own legal, 
financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the risks and merits of investments in such 
N&C Securities and should ensure that they fully understand the risks associated with investments of 
this nature which are intended to be sold only to sophisticated investors. Purchasers of N&C Securities 
are solely responsible for making their own independent appraisal of an investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and affairs of any Reference Item and the 
information relating to any Reference Item and the level or fluctuation of any Reference Item(s). 
Important – EEA and UK Retail Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any N&C Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors", the N&C Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA or the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the N&C Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA or the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the N&C 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The Issue Terms in respect of any issue of N&C Securities may include a legend titled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant N&C Securities 
and which channels for distribution of the relevant N&C Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending such N&C Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such N&C Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any N&C Securities is a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable under the N&C Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to 
an index or a combination of indices. Any such index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such index does 
constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Not every index will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of N&C Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot N&C Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the N&C Securities of the Series (as defined below) of which such Tranche forms 
part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of N&C Securities is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of N&C Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of N&C Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
References to Santander entities 
In this document, references to "Santander UK" and references to the "Issuer" are references to 
Santander UK plc; references to the "Santander UK Group" and the "Group" are references to 
Santander UK and its subsidiaries and references to "Santander Group" are references to Banco 
Santander, S.A. ("Banco Santander") and its subsidiaries. 
Presentation of financial and other information 
The consolidated annual financial statements Santander UK for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2018 were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). The 
information contained in the Quarterly Management Statement of Santander UK Group Holdings plc for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2020 (which contains the unaudited consolidated financial 
information of Santander UK for the nine months ended 30 September 2020) is unaudited and does not 
constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of section 434 of the Companies Act 2006 or interim 
financial statements in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 'Interim Financial 
Reporting'.  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to billions are references to one thousand millions. Due to 
rounding, the numbers presented throughout this Base Prospectus may not add up precisely, and 
percentages may not precisely reflect absolute figures. 
All references in this document to "EUR", "Euro", "euro" and "€" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended; references to "USD", "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$ " and "$" 
are to the currency of the United States of America; and references to "GBP", "Sterling" and "£" are to 
the currency of the United Kingdom.

--- Page 7 ---
1 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 2 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in N&C Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 47 
This section provides an overview of certain information regarding the Issuer. 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................... 54 
This section incorporates selected financial information regarding the Issuer from publicly available 
documents. 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................... 56 
This section provides an overview of certain key features of the Programme. This section is relevant 
for N&C Securities. 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE N&C SECURITIES ........................................ 59 
This section sets out the general terms and conditions that apply to N&C Securities. 
 
ANNEXES 
 
PAYOUT ANNEX ............................................................................................................. 103 
EQUITY INDEX................................................................................................................ 114 
INFLATION INDEX ANNEX .......................................................................................... 128 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON EXEMPT N&C SECURITIES ......................................... 135 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Non-exempt N&C 
Securities. 
 
SUMMARY OF THE N&C SECURITIES ..................................................................................... 168 
This section sets out a template for the Summary of the N&C Securities to be used for each issuance 
of Non-Exempt N&C Securities. 
 
FORM OF THE N&C SECURITIES ............................................................................................... 169 
This section provides a detailed description of all possible forms of N&C Securities. 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................... 175 
This section sets out the use of proceeds by the Issuer to be used for each issuance of N&C Securities. 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS AND SETTLEMENT ................................................ 176 
This section provides information relating to the relevant clearing system for the N&C Securities. 
 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................... 180 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to N&C Securities. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND TRANSFEREES OF N&C SECURITIES ..... 185 
This section provides additional important notices to purchasers and transferees of N&C Securities. 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................... 186 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions in relation to who can purchase and subscribe 
to the N&C Securities in certain jurisdictions. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 191 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to N&C Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
Risk Factors 
2 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the N&C Securities may involve a high degree of risk. In purchasing N&C Securities, 
investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the N&C Securities. There are a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the N&C 
Securities. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to 
occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently 
deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's 
control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the N&C Securities. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with N&C 
Securities issued under the Programme are detailed below. The factors discussed below regarding the 
risks of acquiring or holding any N&C Securities are not exhaustive, and additional risks and 
uncertainties that are not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be 
immaterial could also have a material impact on the N&C Securities. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the "General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities" below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
1 
Geopolitical and Macro-Economic Risks 
3 
2 
Business Model Risks 
6 
3 
Capital and Liquidity Risks 
9 
4 
Market Risks 
13 
5 
Credit Risks 
15 
6 
Legal & Regulatory Risks 
16 
7 
Operational Risks 
22 
8 
Financial Reporting Risks 
26 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE N&C SECURITIES 
9 
Risks associated with certain features and other terms and conditions of the N&C 
Securities 
26 
10 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the N&C Securities 
29 
11 
Risks associated with the structure of a particular issue of N&C Securities 
32 
12 
Risks associated with N&C Securities that are linked to one or more Reference 
Item(s) 
37 
13 
Risks associated with a particular type of Reference Item(s) 
41 
14 
Risks associated with foreign exchange 
43 
15 
Risks associated with taxation 
45

--- Page 9 ---
Risk Factors 
3 
 
16 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Group, the Calculation 
Agent and the Dealer and the discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent  
45 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The risks set out below relating to the Issuer and the Group could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. These effects in turn 
could have an effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Conditions of the 
N&C Securities including its ability to pay any interest or redemption amounts to investors 
and an investor could lose some and possibly all of the amount invested.  
1. 
Geopolitical and Macro-Economic Risks 
The Group's operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially impacted by 
economic conditions in the global economy and global financial markets and particularly in 
the UK 
The Group's business activities are concentrated in the UK, where it offers a range of banking 
and financial products and services to UK retail and corporate customers. As a consequence, 
whilst the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects are significantly affected by 
global economic conditions, they are particularly affected by economic conditions in the UK.  
A general deterioration in economic conditions globally and, in particular, in the UK, could 
have a negative impact on the household income of the Group's retail customers and the 
profitability of the Group's business customers. This could lead to a reduction in the demand for 
the Group's products and services which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Similarly, a general deterioration in economic conditions globally and, in particular, in the UK, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
due to (a) the potential for market dislocation and economic disruption to impair the sources of 
liquidity to the Group (this risk is more specifically described below in the risk factor entitled: 
"Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Group's business and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects"), (b) the impact on 
interest rates and, in particular, accommodative monetary policies as a result of weak economic 
conditions leading to extended periods of low or lower interest rates thereby reducing the 
Group's interest margins (this risk is also more specifically described below in the risk factor 
entitled: "The Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Group is 
subject to fluctuations in interest rates and other market risks, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects"), (c) a material 
adverse impact on the value and liquidity of the portfolio of investment securities that the Group 
holds (this risk is more specifically described below in the risk factor entitled: "Market 
conditions have resulted in, and could continue to result in, material changes to the estimated 
fair values of the Group's financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects"), (d) a 
corresponding deterioration in the ability of the Group's borrowers to comply fully their existing 
obligations or in a timely manner (this risk is more specifically described below in the risk factor 
entitled: "If the level of non-performing loans increases or the credit quality of the Group's loans 
deteriorates in the future, or if the Group's loan loss reserves are insufficient to cover loan 
losses, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects") and (e) the potential to fail to accurately forecast the impact of the economic 
deterioration on the level of losses inherent in the Group's credit exposure which, in turn, could 
impact the sufficiency of the Group's loan loss allowances (this risk is also more specifically 
described below in the risk factor entitled: "If the level of non-performing loans increases or the 
credit quality of the Group's loans deteriorates in the future, or if the Group's loan loss reserves 
are insufficient to cover loan losses, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects").

--- Page 10 ---
Risk Factors 
4 
 
The Covid-19 pandemic 
The Covid-19 pandemic has caused, and continues to cause, social disruption and a material 
economic downturn in the UK and globally, the effects of which continue to unfold and may 
worsen. This has had a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and income, and could 
continue to have a material adverse effect on its operations, income, financial condition and 
prospects depending on a number of factors which remain uncertain at this point (a second wave 
of infection, the development of a vaccine, further lockdowns and the speed and stability of the 
economic recovery, amongst others). To the extent the Covid-19 pandemic continues to 
adversely affect the global economy and/or the Group, it may also have the effect of increasing 
the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described in this section "Risk Factors", or may 
pose other risks which are not presently known to Santander UK or not currently expected to be 
significant to the Group’s business, operations or financial performance. For further information 
on the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on Santander UK’s operating environment, see 
"Operating environment and stakeholder update" and Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated 
Interim Financial Statements in the 2020 Half Yearly Report (as incorporated by reference 
herein). 
The Covid-19 outbreak has caused global disruption, which has impacted the Group’s 
customers, suppliers, staff and operations. The UK (and the devolved administrations within the 
UK – i.e. Northern Ireland, Wales, and Scotland), similar to other jurisdictions in which the 
Group’s customers operate, has implemented restrictions on the movement of the population 
and on other activities, with a resultant significant impact on economic activity. The restrictions, 
as well as their periodic lifting and reinstatement, are being determined by the governments of 
individual jurisdictions (including through the implementation of emergency powers) and 
impacts (including the timing of implementation and any subsequent lifting or reinstatement of 
restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and region to region. It remains unclear 
how this will evolve through 2020 and beyond, and Santander UK continues to monitor the 
situation closely. 
In response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group deployed working from home capabilities and 
adapted some of its key processes and working areas, such as branches and call centres, to the 
working requirements under lockdown. However, the Group faces operational challenges 
arising from this deployment, including those presented by the unavailability of personnel and 
the changes in normal operating procedures, which put pressure on internal controls. The Group 
has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by disruptions to its infrastructure, business 
processes and technology services, including as a result of the temporary freeze on system 
changes unrelated to Covid-19, which was implemented in the second quarter of 2020 to 
minimise the impact of the additional pressures on Santander UK’s systems. Santander UK may 
also face increased operational risks due to cyber security threats and fraud as the speed and 
extent of deployment of government schemes put additional pressure on internal controls. For 
further information, see "Operating environment and stakeholder update" and "Risk review - 
Operational risk" in the 2020 Half Yearly Report (as incorporated by reference herein). 
Working practices are under ongoing review to allow improved controls, better remote working 
and flexibility, to comply with social distancing measures on-site, and to be able to provide 
testing, cater for self-isolating needs and to allow a swift response to new lock down measures, 
all of which may lead to increased costs or further business disruption 
Like other jurisdictions, the UK government and central bank have launched measures to 
provide financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The success of these measures (for example, lower interest rates, extensive central bank lending, 
extension of effective dates for regulatory changes, business lending schemes, payment holidays 
and furlough measures) to reactivate the economy and support households and businesses is still 
uncertain and may not be able to prevent a prolonged and deep crisis or even a recessionary 
environment. A significant number of the Group’s customers have made use of these business 
lending schemes and payment holidays. Several of these measures have had, and are expected 
to continue to have, a negative impact on the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. For example, the Group’s net interest income for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
decreased by 7% compared to the equivalent period in 2019, largely due to an immediate 
repricing of assets following the cuts in the Bank of England’s base rate from 0.75% (to 0.25% 
and then to 0.1%, where it currently remains) in successive weeks in March 2020, in response

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors 
5 
 
to the Covid-19 pandemic. In addition, the Group’s non-interest income for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 decreased by 29% compared to the equivalent period in 2019. This resulted 
from significantly lower banking and transaction fees in our retail business, which, although 
largely due to expected reductions following the implementation of regulatory changes to 
overdraft income, were caused partly by the Covid-19 pandemic. For further details, see 
"Operating environment and stakeholder update" and "Risk review - Credit risk - Credit risk – 
Santander UK group level - Santander UK Group level – Credit risk review - Covid-19 Support 
measures in place at 30 June 2020" in the 2020 Half Yearly Report (as incorporated by reference 
herein). 
The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Group’s retail and corporate customers’ income, 
profitability and prospects could significantly affect their ability to service and repay their loans. 
The Group’s credit impairment charges have consequently increased as the Group’s new credit 
scenarios, and the weights applied to those scenarios, under IFRS 9 reflect a range of potential 
economic outcomes due to the Covid-19 pandemic. These scenarios include a possible second 
wave of infection and the negative effects on the macroeconomic environment of further lock 
down measures and other efforts recommended or put in place for individuals and businesses to 
contain the spread of the disease in the UK and other countries, which are expected to result in 
higher expected credit losses. In the second quarter of 2020, as a result of these updated 
scenarios, a staging reclassification under IFRS 9 of certain loans following an in-depth sectoral 
review and the treatment of payment holidays, Santander UK recognised a £267m provision 
relating to the Covid-19 pandemic. In the second quarter of 2020, it transferred £1.6bn of 
mortgage assets (based on a sample mortgage customer contact exercise, as well as additional 
Stage 1 customer data profiling) from Stage 1 to Stage 2 lifetime Expected Credit Loss ("ECL"). 
Santander UK has also moved £3.2bn corporate Stage 1 loans into Stage 2 lifetime ECL 
following contact with customers regarding possible concessions, review of the existing 
judgment perimeter and categorisation of sectors as "Low, Medium or High Risk" based on the 
Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) codes for H120 reporting. For further details, see "Risk 
review - Credit risk" in the 2020 Half Yearly Report. 
The assumptions and economic forecasts used in these scenarios, and the weights applied to 
them, may need to be reviewed further if the Covid-19 pandemic worsens again and depending 
on the effects of further impacts on the global economy, international markets and in relation to 
specific business sectors, which may suffer worse losses than others or have a much slower 
recovery. The impact of the outbreak on the long-term prospects of businesses in these sectors 
is expected to be material and may lead to significant ECL charges on specific exposures, which 
may not be fully captured by ECL modelling techniques. Models are, by their nature, imperfect 
and incomplete representations of reality because they rely on assumptions and inputs, and so 
they may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their outputs and/or misused. This may 
be exacerbated when dealing with unprecedented scenarios, due to the lack of historical 
reference points and data. In the case of Covid-19, there are no precedents to model and forecast 
the effects of the pandemic and the related containment measures and financial support schemes 
in the medium and long term. 
A recessionary economic environment could also lead to rating downgrades affecting the UK, 
Santander UK or its customers, investments and/or instruments, causing capital impacts due to 
increased Risk-Weighted Assets ("RWAs"), an increase in the volatility of wholesale markets 
and the cost of funding.” 
The UK's withdrawal from the European Union could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
On 31 January 2020 the UK ceased to be a member of the European Union ("EU"), on 
withdrawal terms which establish a transition period until 31 December 2020 (subject to 
postponement). During the transition period the UK will be treated as if it were still a member 
of the EU for trading purposes. EU legislation will continue to apply in the UK and negotiations 
on a trade agreement will be conducted, as well as negotiations on the extent of legislative and 
regulatory convergence and regulatory cooperation. The EU will also carry out regulatory 
equivalence assessments for financial services. Such assessments, even if positive, do not 
guarantee that equivalence will be granted to the UK as a third country pursuant to equivalence 
regimes in existing EU financial services legislation. Although the withdrawal agreement

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
6 
 
foresees the possibility to extend the transition period for two more years after the 31 January 
2020, this is not automatic as the UK has enshrined the 31 December 2020 date in domestic 
legislation passing the withdrawal agreement as the end of the transition period, signalling a 
current desire not to extend it. 
Uncertainty remains around the terms of the UK’s relationship with the EU at the end of the 
transition period. If the transition period were to end without a comprehensive trade agreement, 
the UK’s economic growth may be negatively impacted. At the end of the transition period, 
even if a trade agreement is entered into and/or if equivalence is granted to certain areas of the 
UK’s financial services, contingency measures may still be necessary in certain economic or 
financial matters to avoid uncertainty and adverse economic effects and there may be some 
changes in the products and services that the Group can continue to offer into the EEA and to 
EEA residents or EEA incorporated entities. Where possible, the Group would look to service 
such EEA customers from Banco Santander SA instead.  
While the longer term effects of the UK's anticipated withdrawal from the EU are difficult to 
predict, there is ongoing political and economic uncertainty, which is likely to continue in the 
medium term. Management has identified a number of risks to the Group as a consequence of 
this uncertainty and the result of the withdrawal process, including the following: 
• 
Increased market volatility: There could be a negative impact on the Group's cost of or 
access to funding, especially in an environment in which the Group's credit ratings are 
impacted, it could affect interest and currency exchange rates and the value of assets in 
the Group's banking book or of securities held by the Group for liquidity purposes.  
• 
The Group is subject to substantial EU-derived regulation and oversight: Although 
legislation has now been passed transferring EU regulation into UK law, there remains 
significant uncertainty as to the legal and regulatory environment in which the Group 
and its subsidiaries will operate when the transition period ends. 
• 
Uncertainty on cross-border operations: The Group and other financial institutions will 
not be able to rely on the European passporting framework for financial services and may 
not be able to utilise EU financial markets infrastructure, and it is unclear what alternative 
regime may be in place following the UK's departure from the EU, which would limit 
the ability of the Group to carry on cross-border business in the EU.  
• 
An adverse effect on the UK economy impacting on the Group's customers and clients.  
Were one or more of these risks to arise it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
2. 
Business Model Risks 
The Group is exposed to competition from other financial institutions, including new entrants 
into the financial services sector 
The markets for UK financial services are very competitive and the Group has seen strong 
competition from incumbent banks and large building societies. In addition, the Group faces 
competition from a number of new entrants, non-banks and other providers. The UK 
government and regulators are actively supporting the emergence of new entrants into the UK 
financial services market. The internet and mobile technologies are also changing customer 
behaviour and the competitive environment. There has been a steep rise in customer use of 
mobile banking in recent years. The Group faces competition from established providers of 
financial services as well as from banking business developed by non-financial companies, 
including technology companies and large retail companies with strong brand recognition. 
Management expects such competition to continue or intensify as a result of customer behaviour 
and trends, technological changes, competitor behaviour, the growth in digital banking, new 
lending models and changes in regulation (including the recent introduction of Open Banking 
and changes arising from the Second Payment Services Directive (the "PSD2")). As a result of 
any restructuring or evolution in the market, there may emerge one or more new viable

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
7 
 
competitors in the UK banking market or a material strengthening of one or more of the Group's 
existing competitors in that market, limiting the Group's ability to increase its customer base 
and expand its operations, increasing competition for investment opportunities and potentially 
reducing the Group's market share. 
Any of these factors or a combination thereof could result in a significant reduction in the profit 
of the Group. The Group gives consideration to the competitive position in its management 
actions, such as pricing, product decisions and our business model. Increasing competition could 
mean that the Group increases rates offered on deposits or lowers the rates it charges on loans, 
or changes its cost base, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's ability to maintain its competitive position depends, in part, on the success of 
new financial and investment products and services it offers its customers and its ability to 
meet its customers' changing financial and investment needs 
The success of the Group's operations and its profitability depends, in part, on the success of 
new financial and investment products and services it offers to customers. However, the Group 
cannot guarantee that such new products and services will meet the needs or preferences of the 
Group's customers which may change over time, and such changes may render the Group's 
products and services obsolete, outdated or unattractive, and the Group may not be able to 
develop new products that meet its customers' changing financial and investment needs in a 
timely manner. As the Group expands the range of its financial and investment products and 
services, some of which may be at an early stage of development in the UK market, it will be 
exposed to known, new and potentially increasingly complex risks, including conduct risk, and 
development expenses. The Group's employees and risk management systems, as well as its 
experience and that of its partners, may not be sufficient or adequate to enable it to properly 
handle or manage such risks. In addition, the cost of developing products that are not launched 
is likely to affect its operating results. 
Any or all of the above factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's loan portfolio is subject to risk of prepayment 
The Group's loan portfolio is subject to prepayment risk resulting from the ability of a borrower 
or issuer to pay a debt obligation prior to maturity. Generally, in a low interest rate environment, 
prepayment activity increases, which reduces the weighted average lives of the Group's earning 
assets and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects.  
As a result the Group could be required to amortise net premiums into income over a shorter 
period of time, thereby reducing the corresponding asset yield and net interest income and there 
is a risk that the Group is not able to accurately forecast amortisation schedules for these 
purposes which may affect its profitability. Prepayment risk also has a significant adverse 
impact on credit card and collateralised mortgage loans, since prepayments could shorten the 
weighted average life of these assets, which may result in a mismatch in the Group's funding 
obligations and reinvestment at lower yields. The risk of prepayment and its ability to accurately 
forecast amortisation schedules is inherent in the Group's commercial activity and an increase 
in prepayments or a failure to accurately forecast amortisation schedules could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
If the Group is unable to manage the growth of its operations, this could have a material 
adverse impact on its profitability 
The Group allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic 
growth, and to identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its 
businesses when necessary. From time to time, the Group evaluates acquisition, disposal, and 
partnership opportunities that it believes could offer additional value to its shareholders and 
customers, and are consistent with its business strategy. However, the Group may not be able to 
identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, and may not be able to acquire promising

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
8 
 
targets or form partnerships on favourable terms, or at all. Furthermore, preparations for 
acquisitions that the Group does not complete can be disruptive. The Group bases its assessment 
of potential acquisitions and partnerships on limited and potentially inexact information and on 
assumptions with respect to value, operations, profitability and other matters that may prove to 
be incorrect. The Group's ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and partnerships will 
depend in part on its successful integration of those businesses. Such integration entails 
significant risks such as challenges in retaining the customers and employees of the acquired 
businesses, unforeseen difficulties in integrating operations and systems and unexpected 
liabilities or contingencies relating to the acquired businesses, including legal claims and 
regulatory investigations. Moreover, the success of the acquisition or venture will at least in part 
be subject to a number of political, economic and other factors that are beyond the Group's 
control. The Group can give no assurances that its expectations with regard to integration and 
synergies will materialise.  
The Group cannot provide assurance that it will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth 
effectively or to implement its strategic growth decisions, including its ability to: 
• 
Manage efficiently the operations and employees of expanding businesses 
• 
Maintain or grow its existing customer base 
• 
Successfully execute its strategy 
• 
Fully due diligence and assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or 
acquisition candidates 
• 
Finance strategic opportunities, investments or acquisitions 
• 
Fully integrate strategic investments, or newly-established entities or acquisitions, in line 
with its strategy 
• 
Align its current information technology systems adequately with those of an enlarged 
group 
• 
Apply its risk management policy effectively to an enlarged group 
Any or all of these factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Damage to the Group's reputation could cause harm to its business prospects 
Maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and 
employees and conducting business transactions with counterparties. Damage to the reputation 
of the Group or Banco Santander SA (as the ultimate parent of the Group), the reputation of 
affiliates operating under the 'Santander' brand or any of its other brands could therefore cause 
significant harm to the Group's business and prospects. Harm to the Group's reputation can arise 
directly or indirectly from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct 
(including the possibility of employee fraud), litigation, regulatory interventions and 
enforcement action, failure to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, disruption to 
service due to a cyber-attack, wider IT failures, compliance failures, third party fraud, financial 
crime, breach of legal or regulatory requirements, unethical behaviour (including adopting 
inappropriate sales and trading practices), and the activities of customers, suppliers, 
counterparties and the perception of the financial services industry as a whole. Further, negative 
publicity regarding the Group, whether true or not, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group could suffer significant reputational harm if it fails to identify and manage potential 
conflicts of interest properly. The failure, or perceived failure, to adequately address conflicts 
of interest could affect the willingness of customers to deal with the Group, or give rise to 
litigation or regulatory enforcement actions against the Group. Therefore, there can be no

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
9 
 
assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause material harm to 
the Group's financial condition and prospects. 
3. 
Capital and Liquidity Risks 
The Group is subject to regulatory capital, liquidity and leverage requirements that could 
limit its operations, and changes to these requirements may further limit and could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
The Group is subject to capital adequacy requirements applicable to banks and banking groups 
under directly applicable EU legislation and as adopted by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
("PRA") (for more information on these capital adequacy requirements, see the "Description of 
the Issuer" and the section entitled "Regulation of the Group – Regulatory Approach of the 
PRA"). Any changes imposed or action taken by the PRA or the Financial Policy Committee 
(the "FPC") under such requirements and any failure by the Group to comply with such 
requirements may result in administrative actions or sanctions and/or could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
In addition to the above, regulators in the UK and worldwide have produced a range of proposals 
for future legislative and regulatory changes which could force the Group to comply with certain 
operational restrictions or take steps to raise further capital, or could increase the Group's 
expenses and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
There is a risk that changes to the UK's capital adequacy regime (including any increase to 
minimum leverage ratios) may result in increased minimum capital requirements, which could 
reduce available capital for new business purposes and adversely affect the Group's cost of 
funding, profitability and ability to pay dividends, continued organic growth (including 
increased lending), or pursue acquisitions or other strategic opportunities (alternatively the 
Group could be required to restructure its balance sheet to reduce the capital charges incurred 
pursuant to the PRA's rules in relation to the assets held, or raise additional capital but at 
increased cost and subject to prevailing market conditions). In addition, changes to the eligibility 
criteria for Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital may affect the Group's ability to raise Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital and impact the recognition of existing Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital resources in the 
calculation of the Group's capital position. Furthermore increased capital requirements may 
negatively affect the Group's return on equity and other financial performance indicators.  
The Group's business could be affected if its capital is not managed effectively or if these 
measures limit the Group's ability to manage its balance sheet and capital resources effectively 
or to access funding on commercially acceptable terms. Effective management of the Group's 
capital position is important to the Group's ability to operate its business, to continue to grow 
organically and to pursue its business strategy. There is a risk that implementing and maintaining 
existing and new liquidity requirements, such as through enhanced liquidity risk management 
systems, may incur significant costs, and more stringent requirements to hold liquid assets may 
materially affect the Group's lending business as more funds may be required to acquire or 
maintain a liquidity buffer, thereby reducing future profitability. This could in turn adversely 
impact the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Liquidity and funding risks are inherent in the Group's business and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group either does not have available sufficient financial 
resources to meet its obligations as they fall due or can secure them only at excessive cost. This 
risk is inherent in any retail and commercial banking business and can be heightened by a 
number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding, 
changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation. While the 
Group maintains a liquid asset buffer and implements liquidity management processes to seek 
to mitigate and control these risks, in particular, unforeseen systemic market factors like those 
experienced during the last financial crisis make it difficult to eliminate these risks completely. 
There can be no assurance that such circumstances will not reoccur. Extreme liquidity 
constraints may affect the Group's operations and its ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
10 
 
requirements, as well as limit growth possibilities. Disruption and volatility in the global 
financial markets could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to access capital 
and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it. A sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in 
the banking system could threaten the stability of the banking system, and lead to increased 
funding costs, a reduction in the term of funding instruments or require the Group to liquidate 
certain assets, thereby impacting the Group's liquidity position and its ability to pay its debts. If 
these circumstances were to arise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
results, operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's cost of funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit 
spreads. Increases in interest rates and the Group's credit spreads can significantly increase the 
cost of its funding. Changes in the Group's credit spreads are market-driven and may be 
influenced by market perceptions of its creditworthiness. Changes to interest rates and the 
Group's credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. 
If wholesale markets financing ceases to be available, or becomes excessively expensive, the 
Group may be forced to raise the rates it pays on deposits, with a view to attracting more 
customers, and/or to sell assets, potentially at depressed prices. The persistence or worsening of 
these adverse market conditions, significant increases in capital markets funding costs or deposit 
rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's interest margins, its cost of funding, 
access to liquidity and its profitability and therefore on its operations, financial condition and 
prospects.  
In recent years the Group has also made use of central bank funding schemes such as the Bank 
of England’s (the "BoE") Funding for Lending scheme and Term Funding Scheme. More 
recently, in response to the Coronavirus pandemic, the BoE introduced the Term Funding 
Scheme with additional incentives for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises ("TFSME"), with 
similar terms to their previous Term Funding scheme. As at 30 September 2020, Santander UK 
had drawn £10.8bn of cash under the Term Funding Scheme and £2.2bn of UK Treasury Bills 
under the TFSME. A rapid removal or significant reduction, in outstanding quantitative easing 
purchase programmes could have an adverse effect on the Group's ability to access liquidity and 
on its funding costs. Any significant reduction or withdrawal of any central bank funding 
facilities the Group may be utilising at any given time could cause an increased dependence on 
term funding issues and increase its funding costs.  
Each of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group, including 
its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and, more generally, 
on its operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Further, the Group aims for a funding structure that is consistent with its assets, avoids excessive 
reliance on short-term wholesale funding, attracts enduring retail and commercial deposits and 
provides diversification in products and tenor. The Group therefore relies, and will continue to 
rely, on retail and commercial deposits to fund a significant proportion of lending activities. The 
on-going availability of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors outside the 
Group's control, such as general economic conditions and the confidence of depositors in the 
economy, in the financial services industry in general, confidence in Santander UK specifically, 
the Group's credit rating and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as 
competition between banks for deposits or competition with other products, such as mutual 
funds. A change in any of these factors could significantly increase the amount of commercial 
deposit withdrawals in a short period of time, thereby reducing its ability to access deposit 
funding on appropriate terms, or at all, in the future, and therefore have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
The Group's liquidity planning assumes that customers will continue to make a volume of 
deposits with the Group (particularly demand deposits and short-term time deposits), and the 
Group intends to maintain its emphasis on the use of deposits as a source of funds. The short-
term nature of some deposits could cause liquidity problems for the Group in the future if 
deposits are not made in the volumes anticipated or are withdrawn at short notice or are not 
renewed. If a substantial number of depositors withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll 
over their time deposits upon maturity, there may be a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
11 
 
An adverse movement in the Group's external credit rating would likely increase its cost of 
funding, require the Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of 
its derivative contracts and adversely affect the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding. 
Credit rating agencies regularly evaluate the Group, and their credit ratings of the Group and 
the Group's issued debt are based on a number of factors, including the Group's financial 
strength, the strength of the UK economy and conditions affecting the financial services industry 
generally. 
Any downgrade in the external credit ratings assigned to the Group or any of the Group's debt 
securities could have an adverse impact on the Group. In particular, such downgrade in the 
Group's credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and could require it to post additional 
collateral or take other actions under some of derivatives, loan facilities or other financial 
contracts, and could limit its access to capital markets and have a material adverse effect on its 
operations, financial condition and prospects. For example, a credit rating downgrade could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to sell or market certain products, engage 
in certain longer-term or derivatives transactions and retain its customers or investors, 
particularly those who need a minimum rating threshold in order to transact or invest.  
Any of these results of a credit rating downgrade could, in turn, result in outflows and reduce 
the Group's liquidity and have an adverse effect on the Group, including its operations, financial 
condition and prospects. For example, the Group estimates that at 31 December 2019, if Fitch, 
Moody's and Standard & Poor's had concurrently downgraded the long-term credit ratings of 
the Group by one notch, and thereby trigger a short-term credit rating downgrade, this could 
have resulted in an outflow of £1.5bn of cash and collateral. A hypothetical two notch 
downgrade would have resulted in a further outflow of £1.6bn of cash and collateral at 31 
December 2019. These potential outflows are captured under the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
("LCR") regime. However, while certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the 
full consequences of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon 
numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including market 
conditions at the time of any downgrade, whether any downgrade of a firm's long-term credit 
rating precipitates downgrades to its short-term credit rating, whether any downgrade 
precipitates changes to the way that the financial institutions sector is rated, and assumptions 
about the ratings of other financial institutions and the potential behaviours of various 
customers, investors and counterparties. Actual outflows will also depend upon certain other 
factors including any management or restructuring actions that could be taken to reduce cash 
outflows and the potential liquidity impact from a loss of unsecured funding (such as from 
money market funds) or loss of secured funding capacity. 
There can be no assurance that the credit rating agencies will maintain the Group's current credit 
ratings or outlooks. A failure to maintain favourable credit ratings or outlooks could increase 
the Group's cost of funding, adversely affect the Group's interest margins, and reduce its ability 
to secure both long-term and short-term funding. If a downgrade of a Group member's long-
term credit ratings were to occur, it could also impact the short-term credit ratings of other 
members of the Group. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Negative changes to the UK sovereign credit rating, or the perception that further negative 
changes may occur, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition, prospects and the marketability and trading value of its securities. This might also 
have an impact on the Group's own credit rating, borrowing costs and ability to secure funding. 
Negative changes to the UK sovereign credit rating, or the perception that further negative 
changes may occur, could also have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, 
restricting the availability, and increasing the cost, of funding for individuals and companies, 
further depressing economic activity, increasing unemployment and reducing asset prices, 
which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
12 
 
Changes in the Group's pension liabilities and obligations could have a materially adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
The majority of current employees are provided with pension benefits through defined 
contribution arrangements. Under these arrangements the Group's obligation is limited to the 
cash contributions paid. The Group provides retirement benefits for many of its former and 
current employees in the UK through a number of defined benefit pension schemes established 
under trust. Santander UK plc is the principal employer under the majority of these schemes, 
but it has only limited control over the rate at which it pays into such schemes. Under the UK 
statutory pension funding requirements employers are usually required to contribute to the 
schemes at the rate they agree with the scheme trustees although, if they cannot agree, the rate 
can be set by the Pensions Regulator. The scheme trustees may, in the course of discussions 
about future valuations, seek higher employer contributions. The scheme trustees' power in 
relation to the payment of pension contributions depends on the terms of the trust deed and rules 
governing the pension schemes, but, in some cases, the scheme trustees may have the unilateral 
right to set the employer's relevant contribution. 
The Pensions Regulator has the power to issue a financial support direction to companies within 
a group in respect of the liability of employers participating in the UK defined benefit pension 
schemes where that employer is a service company, or is otherwise 'insufficiently resourced' (as 
defined for the purposes of the relevant legislation). As some of the employers within the Group 
are service companies, if the Pensions Regulator determines that they have become 
insufficiently resourced and no suitable mitigating action is undertaken, other companies within 
the Group which are connected with or an associate of those employers are at risk of a financial 
support direction in respect of those employers' liabilities to the defined benefit pension schemes 
in circumstances where the Pensions Regulator properly considers it reasonable to issue one. 
Such a financial support direction could require the companies to guarantee or provide security 
for the pension liabilities of those employers, or could require additional amounts to be paid into 
the relevant pension schemes in respect of them.  
The Pensions Regulator can also issue contribution notices if it is of the opinion that an employer 
has taken actions, or failed to take actions, deliberately designed to avoid meeting its pension 
promises or which are materially detrimental to the scheme's ability to meet its pension 
promises. A contribution notice can be issued to any company or individual that is connected 
with or an associate of such employer in circumstances where the Pensions Regulator considers 
it reasonable to issue it and multiple notices could be issued to connected companies or 
individuals for the full amount of the debt. The risk of a contribution notice being imposed may 
inhibit the Group's freedom to restructure or to undertake certain corporate activities. There is a 
risk that the Group could incur an obligation to make a contribution to the scheme by virtue of 
section 75 or 75A of the Pensions Act 1995 as a result of a reorganisation or disposal of the 
Group's businesses.  
Should the value of assets to liabilities in respect of the defined benefit schemes operated by the 
Group record a deficit or an increased deficit (as appropriate), due to either a reduction in the 
value of the pension fund assets (depending on the performance of financial markets) not 
matched by a fall in the pension fund liabilities and/or an increase in the scheme liabilities not 
matched by an increase in the pension fund assets due to changes in legislation, mortality 
assumptions, discount rate assumptions, inflation, or other factors, or there is a change in the 
actual or perceived strength of the employer's covenant, this could result in the Group having to 
make increased contributions to reduce or satisfy the deficits which would divert resources from 
use in other areas of its business and reduce its capital resources. While the Group can control 
a number of the above factors, there are some over which the Group has no or limited control. 
Although the trustees of the defined benefit pension schemes are obliged to consult with the 
Group before changing the pension schemes' investment strategy, the trustees have the final say 
and ultimate responsibility for investment strategy rests with them.  
Changes in UK legislation and regulation to address perceived failings in pension protection 
following recent high profile company insolvencies with large pension deficits may also affect 
the Group's position. Specific areas where concerns have been raised are levels of dividends 
where there is a pension scheme with a deficit and the length of time taken to address deficits. 
Changes in legislation or regulation could result in the Group having to make increased

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
 
contributions to reduce or satisfy the deficits which would divert resources from use in other 
areas of its business and reduce its capital resources. 
Any increase in the Group's pension liabilities and obligations as a result of the foregoing factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial conditions and 
prospects. 
4. 
Market Risks 
The Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Group is subject to 
fluctuations in interest rates and other market risks, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Market risk refers to the probability of variations in the Group's net interest income or in the 
market value of its assets and liabilities due to volatility of interest rates, exchange rates or 
equity prices.  
Changes in interest rates would affect the following areas, among others, of the Group's 
business: 
• 
Net interest income. 
• 
The value of the Group's derivatives transactions. 
• 
The market value of the Group's securities holdings. 
• 
The value of the Group's loans and deposits.  
• 
The volume of loans originated. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including 
increased regulation of the financial sector, monetary policies, domestic and international 
economic and political conditions and other factors. Variations in interest rates could affect the 
interest earned on the Group's assets and the interest paid on its borrowings, thereby affecting 
its net interest income, which comprises the majority of its revenue, reducing its growth rate and 
profitability and potentially resulting in losses. In addition, costs the Group incurs putting into 
place strategies to reduce interest rate exposure could increase in the future, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans originated by the Group. Sustained 
high interest rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in 
increased delinquencies in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases 
in interest rates may also reduce the propensity of the Group's customers to prepay or refinance 
fixed-rate loans, reduce the value of its financial assets and reduce gains or require the Group 
to record losses on sales of the Group's loans or securities, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Due to the historically low interest rate environment in the UK in recent years, the rates on many 
of the Group's interest-bearing deposit products have been priced at or near zero, which may 
limit the Group's ability to further reduce customer rates in the event of further cuts in BoE Base 
Rate. If a generally low interest rate environment in the UK persists in the long term, it may be 
difficult to increase the Group's net interest income, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the integrity and continued existence of reference 
rates 
LIBOR and other interest rates are used in securities issued and held by the Group and in 
contracts with its financial counterparts, customers and investors. Reference rates and indices, 
including LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks are subject to national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform and transition to alternative rates. On 29 
November 2017, the FCA announced that its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates was

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
 
to be mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, 
so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark and regulators in 
the United Kingdom continue to seek the replacement of LIBOR by the end of 2021. 
Any such changes to, or replacement of benchmarks may cause contracts in which they are used 
to perform differently than in the past, or may have other consequential effects on any of the 
Group's rights and obligations which depend on such benchmarks and any fallbacks. In 
particular, the transition from GBP LIBOR to SONIA and the elimination of the LIBOR 
benchmark will require an adjustment to the terms of financial contracts to which the Group is 
a party which relate to LIBOR. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects.  
It is not yet clear whether LIBOR will cease to exist entirely before the end of 2021, whether 
the use of LIBOR will be made unlawful or impermissible in future, and whether there will be 
any transitional arrangements set out either by law, regulation or market practice. The lack of a 
legal or regulatory framework for the automatic transition of legacy contracts and agreements, 
makes such transition more complex and subject to risks that could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
When LIBOR is replaced or ceases to exist (or if the methodology for calculating LIBOR or 
any successor benchmark rate changes for any reason), interest rates on the Group's floating rate 
obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments linked to LIBOR rates, 
as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be 
adversely affected. In addition, any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of 
LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of the Group's floating rate 
obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments linked to LIBOR rates. 
Any such issues relating to LIBOR or other benchmarks or reference rates (including SONIA) 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Market conditions have resulted in, and could continue to result in, material changes to the 
estimated fair values of the Group's financial assets. Negative fair value adjustments could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects  
The Group has material exposures to securities, loans, derivatives and other investments that 
are recorded at fair value and are therefore exposed to potential negative fair value adjustments. 
Asset valuations in future periods, reflecting the prevailing market conditions, may result in 
negative changes in the fair values of the Group's financial assets. In addition, the value 
ultimately realised by the Group on disposal may be lower than the current fair value, during 
the last global financial crisis, financial markets were subject to periods of significant stress 
resulting in steep falls in perceived or actual financial asset values, particularly due to volatility 
in global financial markets and the resulting widening of credit spreads. Any of these factors 
could require the Group to record negative fair value adjustments, which could have a material 
adverse effect on its operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In addition, to the extent that fair values are determined using financial valuation models, such 
values may be inaccurate or subject to change, as the data used by such models may not be 
available or may become unavailable due to changes in market conditions, particularly for 
illiquid assets and in times of economic instability. In such circumstances, the Group's valuation 
methodologies require it to make assumptions, judgements and estimates in order to establish 
fair value.  
Reliable assumptions are difficult to make and are inherently uncertain. Moreover, valuation 
models are complex, making them inherently imperfect predictors of actual results. Any 
consequential impairments or write-downs could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group invests in debt securities of the UK Government largely for liquidity management 
purposes. At 31 December 2019, approximately 9 per cent. of the Group's total assets and 48 
per cent. of the Group's securities portfolio were comprised of debt securities issued by the UK

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
 
Government. Any failure by the UK Government to make timely payments under the terms of 
these securities, or a significant decrease in their market value, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
5. 
Credit Risks 
If the level of non-performing loans increases or the credit quality of the Group's loans 
deteriorates in the future, or if the Group's loan loss reserves are insufficient to cover loan 
losses, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due 
from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses. Non-performing or 
low credit quality loans have in the past, and could continue to, have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
In particular, the amount of the Group's reported non-performing loans may increase in the 
future as a result of growth in the Group's total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan 
portfolios that the Group may acquire in the future (the credit quality of which may turn out to 
be worse than the Group had anticipated), or factors beyond the Group's control, such as adverse 
changes in the credit quality of the Group's borrowers and counterparties, a general deterioration 
in the UK or global economic conditions, the impact of political events, events affecting certain 
industries or events affecting financial markets and global economies.  
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to effectively control the level of impaired 
loans in, or the credit quality of, its total loan portfolio, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Interest rates payable on a significant portion of the Group's outstanding mortgage loan products 
fluctuate over time due to, among other factors, changes in the BoE Base Rate. As a result, 
borrowers with variable interest rate mortgage loans are exposed to increased monthly payments 
when the related mortgage interest rate adjusts upward. Similarly, borrowers of mortgage loans 
with fixed or introductory rates adjusting to variable rates after an initial period are exposed to 
the risk of increased monthly payments at the end of this period. Over the last few years both 
variable and fixed interest rates have been at historically low levels, which has benefited 
borrowers of new loans and those repaying existing variable rate loans regardless of special or 
introductory rates. Future increases in borrowers' required monthly payments may result in 
higher delinquency rates and losses related to non-performing loans in the future. Borrowers 
seeking to avoid these increased monthly payments by refinancing their mortgage loans may no 
longer be able to find available replacement loans at comparably low interest rates. These 
events, alone or in combination, may contribute to higher delinquency rates and losses for the 
Group, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
The Group's current loan loss reserves may not be adequate to cover an increase in the amount 
of non-performing loans or any future deterioration in the overall credit quality of the Group's 
total loan portfolio. The Group's loan loss reserves are based on the Group's current assessment 
of various factors affecting the quality of its loan portfolio, including its borrowers' financial 
condition, repayment abilities, the realisable value of any collateral, the prospects for support 
from any guarantor, government macroeconomic policies, interest rates and the legal and 
regulatory environment. Many of these factors are beyond the Group's control. As a result, there 
is no precise method for predicting loan and credit losses, and no assurance can be provided that 
the Group's current or future loan loss reserves will be sufficient to cover actual losses.  
If the Group's assessment of and expectations concerning the above mentioned factors differ 
from actual developments the Group may need to increase its loan loss reserves, which may 
adversely affect the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. Additionally, in 
calculating its loan loss reserves, the Group employs qualitative tools and statistical models 
which may not be reliable in all circumstances and which are dependent upon data that may not 
be complete. If the Group is unable to control or reduce the level of its non-performing or poor

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
 
credit quality loans, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The value of the collateral, including real estate, securing the Group's loans may not be 
sufficient, and the Group may be unable to realise the full value of the collateral securing the 
Group's loan portfolio  
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loan portfolio may significantly fluctuate or 
decline due to factors beyond the Group's control, including macroeconomic factors affecting 
the UK's economy. The Group's residential mortgage loan portfolio is one of its principal assets, 
comprising 81 per cent. of the Group's loan portfolio at 31 December 2019. As a result, the 
Group is highly exposed to developments in the residential property market in the UK.  
House price growth has slowed since the UK Referendum to exit the EU, most noticeably in 
London, although UK house prices have generally continued to be supported by certain 
economic fundamentals including historically low mortgage rates and low unemployment rates. 
Nevertheless, any increase in house prices may be limited given low levels of consumer 
confidence and low levels of real earnings growth. The depth of the previous house price 
declines as well as the continuing uncertainty as to the extent and sustainability of the UK 
economic recovery will mean that losses could be incurred on loans should they go into 
possession. 
The value of the collateral securing the Group's loan portfolio may also be adversely affected 
by force majeure events such as natural disasters like floods or landslides exacerbated by climate 
change trends. Any force majeure event may cause widespread damage and could have an 
adverse impact on the economy of the affected region and may therefore impair the asset quality 
of the Group's loan portfolio in that area.  
The Group may also not have sufficiently up-to-date information on the value of collateral, 
which may result in an inaccurate assessment for impairment losses on loans secured by such 
collateral.  
If any of the above events were to occur, the Group may need to make additional provisions to 
cover actual impairment losses of its loans, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
6. 
Legal & Regulatory Risks  
The Group is subject to substantial and evolving regulation and governmental oversight 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial conditions 
and prospects 
As a financial services group, the Group is subject to extensive financial services laws, 
regulations, administrative actions and policies in the UK, the EU and in each other location in 
which the Group operates. The sector is facing unprecedented levels of government and 
regulatory intervention and scrutiny, and changes to the regulations governing financial 
institutions and the conduct of business. In addition, regulatory and governmental authorities 
have continued to consider further enhanced or new legal or regulatory requirements intended 
to reduce the probability and impact of future crises (or otherwise assure the stability of 
institutions under their supervision), enhance consumer protection and improve controls in 
relation to financial crime-related risks. The Group expect regulatory and government 
intervention in the banking sector to remain high for the foreseeable future. An intensive 
approach to supervision is maintained in the United Kingdom by the PRA, the Legal Services 
Board ("LSB"), FCA, the Payment Systems Regulator ("PSR") and the Competition and 
Markets Authority ("CMA").  
As well as being subject to UK regulation, as part of the Santander Group, the Group is also 
affected by other regulators such as the Banco de España (the "Bank of Spain") and the 
European Central Bank (the "ECB"), as well as various legal and regulatory regimes (including 
the US) that have extra-territorial effect. Extensive legislation and implementing regulations

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
 
affecting the financial services industry have recently been adopted in regions that directly or 
indirectly affect the Group's business, including Spain, the U.S., the EU and other jurisdictions. 
The manner in which financial services laws, regulations and policies are applied to the 
operations of financial institutions has gone through great change which is still being 
implemented and reviewed. Recent proposals and measures taken by governmental, tax and 
regulatory authorities and further future changes in supervision and regulation (in particular in 
the UK), are beyond the Group's control and could materially affect the Group's business.  
Changes in UK legislation and regulation to address the stability of the financial sector may also 
affect the Group's competitive position, particularly if such changes are implemented before 
international consensus is reached on key issues affecting the industry.  
To the extent these laws, regulations and policies apply to it, the Group may face higher 
compliance costs. The Group may lack the capacity to readily respond to multiple regulatory or 
government policy changes simultaneously. Any legislative or regulatory actions and any 
required changes to the Group's business operations resulting from such laws, regulations and 
policies as well as any deficiencies in the Group's compliance with such laws, regulations and 
policies could result in significant loss of revenue, could have an impact on the Group's strategy, 
limit its ability to pursue business opportunities in which the Group might otherwise consider 
engaging, limit the Group's ability to provide certain products and services and result in 
enforcement action and the imposition of financial and other penalties. They may also affect the 
value of assets that the Group holds, requiring the Group to increase its prices thereby reducing 
demand for the Group's products or otherwise have a material adverse effect on its operations, 
financial condition and prospects. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that future changes 
in laws, regulations and policies or in their interpretation or application by the Group or by 
regulatory authorities will not adversely affect the Group. 
Specific examples of areas where regulatory changes and increased regulatory scrutiny could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
include, but are not limited to, the following: 
• 
Banking Reform: Given the complexity of the ring-fencing regulatory regime under the 
Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013 and the material impact on the way the 
group now conducts its business operations in the UK, there is a risk that the Group 
and/or Santander UK plc may be found to be in breach of one or more ring-fencing 
requirements. This might occur, for example, if prohibited business activities are found 
to be taking place within the ring-fence, mandated retail banking activities are found 
being carried on in a UK entity outside the ring-fenced part of the group or the Group 
breached a PRA ring-fencing rule. From 1 January 2019, if the Group were found to be 
in breach of any of the ring-fencing requirements placed upon it under the ring-fencing 
regime, it could be subject to supervisory or enforcement action by the PRA, the 
consequences of which might include substantial financial penalties, imposition of a 
suspension or restriction on the Group's UK activities or, in the most serious of cases, 
forced restructuring of the Group, entitling the PRA (subject to the consent of the UK 
Government) to require the sale of a Santander ring-fenced bank or other parts of the 
Group.  
• 
Competition: Reviews and investigations by competition authorities (which in the 
United Kingdom include the CMA, the FCA and the PSR) into any aspect of the Group's 
operations or the functioning of any markets in which the Group operates, including, but 
not limited to, personal current accounts, mortgages and the SME retail banking market 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
• 
Payments: Open Banking (which opened up access to customers' online account and 
payments data to third party providers) and PSD2 both have the potential to exacerbate 
a number of existing risks including data loss/data protection, cyber security, fraud and 
wider financial crime risk, which in turn could give rise to increased costs, litigation risk 
and risk of regulatory investigation and enforcement activity. Examples of the 
heightened risk include the risk of fraud relating to activities of a TPP pursuant to which

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
 
funds are redirected to a third party not chosen by the customer; and the risk of data 
misuse by a TPP/other third party. If the arrangements that the Group has made to comply 
with the Group's Open Banking obligation prove to be inadequate or incompatible with 
legal and regulatory requirements or expectations, the Group could be required to make 
extensive and costly changes to the Group's systems and controls, policies and practices. 
The Group might also be fined by regulators, be subject to compensation claimed by 
customers and might suffer reputational damage. Any requirement to make such 
changes, any liability to customers, any regulatory fines, or any reputational damage, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
• 
Data Privacy: Failure to comply with emerging and recently implemented laws and 
regulations concerning data privacy and localisation in a number of jurisdictions across 
the globe may result in regulatory sanctions. In particular, the coming into effect of the 
EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") on 25 May 2018 has introduced 
new obligations on data controllers and rights for data subjects. The changes have had, 
and could continue to have, an adverse impact on the Group's business by increasing its 
operational and compliance costs. If there are breaches of the GDPR obligations, the 
Group could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions as well as 
reputational damage. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
• 
LIBOR: There is uncertainty as to whether LIBOR will cease to exist entirely before the 
end of 2021, whether the use of LIBOR will be made unlawful or impermissible in future, 
and whether there will be any transitional arrangements set out either by law, regulation 
or market practice. The lack of a legal or regulatory framework for the automatic 
transition of legacy contracts and agreements makes such transition more complex and 
subject to risks that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
• 
Evolving conduct and regulatory policy: Regulatory changes arising from current FCA 
initiatives and the development of the CMA of its role and responsibilities in relation to 
consumer protection could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
See also "Description of the Issuer" and the section entitled "Regulation of the Group".  
The Group may become subject to the provisions of the Banking Act 2009, including bail-in 
and write down powers  
The special resolution regime set out in the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act") provides 
regulators with the powers to impose a "bail-in" order on certain liabilities of banks (for more 
information on the regime, see "Description of the Issuer" and the section entitled "Regulation 
of the Group – Banking Act 2009").  
If an instrument or order were made under the Banking Act in respect of an entity in the Group, 
such instrument or order may affect matters in respect of the Group or such entity and/or other 
aspects of the shares or other securities of the Group or such entity, which may negatively affect 
the ability of the Group or such entity to meet its obligations in respect of such shares or 
securities. 
The bail-in power under the Banking Act may potentially be exercised in respect of any 
unsecured debt securities issued by a bank under resolution or an entity in the Group, regardless 
of when they were issued. Accordingly, the bail-in power under the Banking Act could be 
exercised in respect of the Group's debt securities. Public financial support would only be used 
as a last resort, if at all, after having assessed and utilised, to the maximum extent practicable, 
the resolution tools including the bail-in tool and the occurrence of circumstances in which bail-
in powers would need to be exercised in respect of the Group or any entity in the Group would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
 
The PRA also has the power to make rules requiring a parent undertaking of a bank to make 
arrangements to facilitate the exercise of resolution powers, including a power to require a 
member of a banking group to issue debt instruments. The exercise of such powers could have 
an impact on the liquidity of the Group's debt instruments and could materially increase the 
Group's cost of funding. 
In addition, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU (the "BRRD") provides 
for resolution authorities to have the power to require institutions and groups to make structural 
changes to ensure legal and operational separation of 'critical functions' from other functions 
where necessary, or to require institutions to limit or cease existing or proposed activities in 
certain circumstances. As a result of changes to the PRA Rulebook made to implement the 
BRRD, Santander UK is now required to identify such 'critical functions' as part of its resolution 
and recovery planning. If used in respect of the Group, these ex ante powers could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Further, amendments to the Insolvency Act 1986 and secondary legislation have introduced 
changes to the treatment and ranking of certain debts with the result that certain eligible deposits 
will rank in priority to the claims of ordinary (i.e. non-preferred) unsecured creditors in the event 
of an insolvency. This may negatively affect the ability of unsecured creditors to recover sums 
due to them in an insolvency scenario. 
The Group must comply with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, anti-bribery and 
corruption, sanctions and anti-tax evasion laws and regulations and a failure to prevent or 
detect any illegal or improper activities fully or on a timely basis could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition or prospects  
The Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering ("AML"), counter-
terrorism financing ("CTF"), anti-bribery and corruption, sanctions, anti-tax evasion and other 
laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates (for more information, see 
"Description of the Issuer" and the section entitled "Regulation of the Group – Financial 
Crime"). If the Group is unable to apply the necessary scrutiny and oversight in relation to such 
matters, or if such oversight proves insufficient to detect illegal or improper activities, there 
remains a risk of regulatory breach and this could have a material adverse effect on its 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The implementation of new UK legislation related to financial crime has required substantial 
amendments to its AML / CTF procedures and policies, with additional training and guidance 
required for employees. Further such amendments will likely be required going forward to 
reflect changes to UK laws and Government policy post-Brexit. Any changes could adversely 
impact the Group's business by increasing its operational and compliance costs and reducing the 
value of its assets and operations, which would in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
If the Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, its 
regulators and relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to pursue civil 
and criminal proceedings against it, to impose significant fines and other penalties on it, 
including requiring a complete review of the Group's business systems, day-to-day supervision 
by external consultants, imposing restrictions on the conduct of the Group's business and 
operations and ultimately the revocation of the Group's banking licence. The reputational 
damage to its business and brand could be severe if the Group were found to have materially 
breached AML, CTF, anti-bribery and corruption or sanctions requirements. The Group's 
reputation could also suffer if it were unable to protect the Group's customers or its business 
from being used by criminals for illegal or improper purposes. Any of these outcomes could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
At an operational level, geo-political, economic and social changes can provide opportunities to 
financial criminals and alter the risks posed to banks. Effective intelligence and monitoring 
systems within strengthened public/private partnerships to share knowledge on emerging risks 
are required to help mitigate these risks. However, there can be no guarantee that any 
intelligence shared by public authorities or other financial institutions will be accurate or 
effective in helping the Group to combat financial crime, and if, despite such efforts, the Group

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
 
fails to combat financial crime effectively then this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In addition, while the Group reviews its relevant counterparties' internal policies and procedures 
(for example, under its correspondent banking relationships) with respect to such matters, the 
Group, to a large degree, relies upon its relevant counterparties to maintain and properly apply 
their own appropriate anti-financial-crime procedures. Such measures, procedures and 
compliance may not be completely effective in preventing third parties from using its (and its 
relevant counterparties') services as a conduit for money laundering (including illegal cash 
operations) without its (or its relevant counterparties') knowledge. There are also risks that other 
third parties, such as suppliers, could be involved in financial crime. If the Group is associated 
with, or even accused of being associated with, financial crime (or a business involved in 
financial crime), then its reputation could suffer and it could become subject to civil or criminal 
proceedings that could result in penalties, sanctions and legal enforcement (including being 
added to "black lists" that would prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with it), 
any one of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Group is subject to tax-related risks 
The Group is subject to the substance and interpretation of UK tax laws and is subject to routine 
review and audit by tax authorities in relation thereto. The Group's interpretation or application 
of these tax laws may differ from those of the relevant tax authorities. While the Group provides 
for potential tax liabilities that may arise on the basis of the amounts expected to be paid to the 
tax authorities, the amounts ultimately paid may differ materially from the amounts provided 
depending on the ultimate resolution of such matters. In general, changes to tax laws and tax 
rates, including as a result of policy changes by governments and/or regulators, and penalties 
for failing to comply with such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. Some of these changes may be specific to the 
banking/financial services sectors and therefore result in the Group incurring an additional tax 
burden when compared to other industry sectors. 
Group is exposed to risk of loss and damage from civil litigation and/or criminal legal and 
regulatory proceedings 
The Group faces various legal and regulatory issues that may give rise to civil or criminal 
litigation, arbitration, and/or criminal, tax, administrative and/or regulatory investigations, 
inquiries or proceedings. Failure to adequately manage the risks arising in connection with legal 
and regulatory issues, including the Group's obligations under existing applicable laws and 
regulations or its contractual obligations, including arrangements with its customers and 
suppliers, or failing to properly implement applicable laws and regulations could result in 
significant loss or damage including reputational damage, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Additionally, the current regulatory environment, with the continuing heightened supervisory 
focus and associated enforcement activity, combined with uncertainty about the evolution of the 
regulatory regime, may lead to material operational and compliance costs. Relevant risks 
include: 
• 
Regulators, agencies and authorities with jurisdiction over the Group, including the BoE, 
the PRA and the FCA, HM Treasury, HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC"), the CMA, 
the Commission, the Information Commissioner's Office, the Financial Ombudsman 
Service (the "FOS"), the PSR, the Serious Fraud Office (the "SFO"), the National Crime 
Agency (the "NCA") or the Courts, may determine that certain aspects of the Group's 
business have not been or are not being conducted in compliance with applicable laws 
or regulations (or that policies and procedures are inadequate to ensure compliance), or, 
in the case of the FOS, with what is fair and reasonable in the FOS's opinion. Changes 
in policy, laws and regulations including in relation to SME dispute resolution and 
liability for authorised push payment fraud and unauthorised payment fraud, may have 
significant consequences and lead to material implementation, operational and 
compliance costs.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
 
• 
An adverse finding by a regulator, agency or authority could result in the need for 
extensive changes in systems and controls, business policies, and practices coupled with 
suspension of sales, restrictions on conduct of business and operations, withdrawal of 
services, customer redress, fines and reputational damage.  
• 
The increased focus on competition law in financial services and concurrent competition 
enforcement powers for the FCA and PSR may increase the likelihood of competition 
law related inquiries or investigations initiated by either the CMA or these authorities. 
In addition, the CMA's widening focus on market outcomes may result in increased 
reviews by the CMA of the markets in which the Group operates. 
• 
The alleged historical or current misselling of financial products, such as mortgages, 
arising from causes such as the alleged overcharging of interest and the inappropriate 
sale of interest-only mortgages and Payment Protection Insurance (the "PPI"), including 
as a result of having sales practices and/or rewards structures that are deemed to have 
been inappropriate, presents a risk of civil litigation (including claims management 
company driven legal campaigns) and/or enforcement action requiring the Group to 
amend sales processes, withdraw products or provide restitution to affected customers, 
any of which may require additional provisions to be recorded in the Group's financial 
statements and could adversely impact future revenues from affected products. In the 
case of PPI claims specifically, there is an increased risk of litigation as a consequence 
of the FCA time bar which came into force on 30 August 2019. 
• 
The Group may hold bank accounts for entities that might be or are subject to scrutiny 
from various regulators and authorities, including the SFO, the NCA and regulators in 
the US and elsewhere, which could lead to the Group's conduct being reviewed as part 
of any such scrutiny. 
• 
The Group may be liable for damages to third parties harmed by the Group's conduct of 
business. For competition law, there are efforts by governments across Europe to 
promote private enforcement as a means of obtaining redress for harm suffered as a result 
of competition law breaches. Under the Consumer Rights Act 2015, there is scope for 
class actions to be used to allow the claims of a whole class of claimants to be heard in 
a single action in both follow-on and standalone competition cases. 
The Group is (and will continue from time to time to be) subject to certain legal or regulatory 
investigations, inquiries and proceedings, both civil and criminal including in connection with 
the Group's lending and payment activities, treatment of customers, relationships with the 
Group's employees, financial crime, and other commercial or tax matters. These may be brought 
against the Group under UK legal or regulatory processes, or under legal or regulatory processes 
in other jurisdictions, such as the EU and the U.S., in circumstances where overseas regulators 
and authorities may have jurisdiction by virtue of its activities or operations.  
In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal or regulatory proceedings, 
particularly where opportunistic claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, cases 
present novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the early stages of 
discovery, or where the approaches of regulators or authorities to legal or regulatory issues and 
sanctions applied are subject to change, the Group cannot state with confidence what the 
eventual outcome of any pending matters will be and any such pending matters are not disclosed 
by name because they are under assessment. The Group's provisions in respect of any pending 
legal or regulatory proceedings are made in accordance with relevant accounting requirements. 
These provisions are reviewed periodically. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in 
such legal or regulatory proceedings, there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution of 
these matters will not exceed the provisions currently accrued by the Group. As a result, the 
outcome of a particular matter (whether currently provided or otherwise) could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The developing legal and regulatory regime in which the Group operates requires it to be 
compliant across all aspects of its business, including the training, authorisation and supervision 
of personnel and the development of systems, processes and documentation. If the Group fails 
to be compliant with relevant law or regulation, there is a risk of an adverse impact on its

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
 
business from more proactive regulatory intervention (including by any overseas regulator 
which establishes jurisdiction), investigation and enforcement activity leading to sanctions, 
fines, civil or criminal penalties, or other action imposed by or agreed with the regulatory 
authorities, as well as increased costs associated with responding to regulatory inquiries and 
defending regulatory actions. Customers of financial services institutions, including the Group's 
customers, may seek redress if they consider that they have suffered loss for example as a result 
of the misselling of a particular product, or through incorrect application or enforcement of the 
terms and conditions of a particular product or in connection with a competition law 
infringement and the Group's rights under a contract with its customers may in certain 
circumstances be unenforceable or otherwise impaired. 
The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Designated Consumer Bodies) Order 2013 (the 
"Designated Consumer Bodies Order") was made on 16 December 2013 and came into force 
on 1 January 2014. The Designated Consumer Bodies Order designates the National Association 
of Citizens Advice Bureaux, the Consumers' Association, the General Consumer Council for 
Northern Ireland and the National Federation of Self Employed and Small Businesses as 
consumer bodies that may submit a 'super-complaint' to the FCA. A 'super-complaint' is a 
complaint made by any of these designated consumer bodies to the FCA on behalf of consumers 
of financial services where it considers that a feature, or a combination of features, of the market 
for financial services in the UK is seriously damaging the interests of these customers. 
Complaints about damage to the interests of individual consumers will continue to be dealt with 
by the FOS. If a 'super-complaint' were to be made against a Group entity by a designated 
consumer body under the Designated Consumer Bodies Order, any response published or action 
taken by the FCA could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Given the: (i) requirement for compliance with an increasing volume of relevant laws and 
regulations; (ii) more proactive regulatory intervention and enforcement and more punitive 
sanctions and penalties for infringement; (iii) inherent unpredictability of litigation; (iv) 
evolution of the jurisdiction of FOS and CMA and related impacts; (v) the development of a 
voluntary dispute resolution service to oversee the resolution of historic complaints from SMEs 
that meet the relevant eligibility criteria and new complaints from SMEs that would be outside 
the FOS' proposed revised jurisdiction; (vi) the introduction of a voluntary code to enhance 
protection for customers who are victims of authorised push payment fraud; and (vii) the high 
volume of new regulations or policy changes from multiple regulators and authorities which the 
Group is mandated to implement within compressed timescales; it is possible that related costs 
or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition 
and prospects. 
7. 
Operational Risks 
Failure to successfully apply or to improve the Group's credit risk management systems could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
As a commercial banking group, one of the main types of risks inherent in the Group's business 
is credit risk. For example, an important feature of the Group's credit risk management system 
is to employ the Group's own credit rating system to assess the particular risk profile of a 
customer. This system is primarily generated internally, but, in the case of counterparties with 
a global presence, also builds off the credit assessment assigned by other members of the 
Santander Group. As this process involves detailed analysis of the customer or credit risk, taking 
into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human and IT systems 
errors. In exercising their judgement on current or future credit risk behaviour of the Group's 
customers, the Group's employees may not always be able to assign a correct credit rating, which 
may result in a larger exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by the Group's risk rating 
system. The Group may not be able to detect all possible risks before they occur, or its 
employees may not be able to effectively apply its credit policies and guidelines due to limited 
tools available to the Group, which may increase its credit risk. 
Any failure to effectively apply, consistently monitor and refine the Group's credit risk 
management systems may result in an increase in the level of non-performing loans and higher

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
 
losses than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's data management policies and processes may not be sufficiently robust which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects 
Critical business processes across the Group rely on large volumes of financial data from a 
number of different systems and sources. If data governance (including data retention and 
deletion, data quality and data architecture policies and procedures) is not sufficiently robust, 
manual intervention, adjustments and reconciliations may be required to reduce the risk of error 
in the Group's external reports or in reporting to senior management or regulators. Inadequate 
policies and processes may also affect the Group's ability to use financial data to service 
customers more effectively or to improve the Group's financial and investment product 
offerings. The Group must also comply with requirements under law or regulation which require 
classification of customers, counterparties, financial transactions or instruments. Financial 
institutions that fail to comply with in-country (local) and global regulatory and compliance 
requirements may face supervisory measures, which could in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to risks related to cyber-crime 
The Group's systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access, misuse, 
computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. An 
interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information sent to 
or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or third party could result in 
legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm, and therefore have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Furthermore, the Group may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify 
the Group's protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other 
exposures. The Group expects its programmes of change to have an effect on its risk profile, 
both technological and regulatory. Whether it is the opportunities from adoption of cloud 
technology, systems to support important regulatory initiatives, or the desire to identify, 
prioritise and remove obsolete systems from operations, the operational risk associated with 
systems change is likely to increase and this will therefore remain an area of key focus in the 
Group's risk management. There can be no assurance that the Group will not suffer material 
losses from such operational risks in the future, including those relating to any security breaches, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
In particular, in recent years the computer systems of companies and organisations have been 
targeted by cyber criminals, activists and nation-state-sponsored groups. Like other financial 
institutions, the Group manages and holds confidential personal information of customers in the 
conduct of its banking operations, as well as a large number of assets. Consequently, the Group 
has been, and continues to be, subject to a range of cyber-attacks, such as malware, phishing 
and denial of service.  
Cyber-attacks could give rise to the loss of significant amounts of customer data and other 
sensitive information, as well as significant levels of liquid assets (including cash). In addition, 
cyber-attacks could give rise to the disablement of the Group's electronic systems used to service 
its customers. Any material disruption or slowdown of the Group's systems could cause 
information, including data related to customer requests, to be lost or to be delivered to the 
Group's clients with delays or errors, which could reduce demand for the Group's services and 
products. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, the Group may 
incur significant costs in order to modify or enhance its protective measures against such attacks, 
or to investigate or remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyber-
attacks to its customers. If the Group fails to effectively manage its cyber security risk, the 
impact could be significant and may include harm to the Group's reputation and make the Group 
liable for the payment of customer compensation, regulatory penalties and fines. Factors such 
as failing to apply critical security patches from its technology providers, to manage out obsolete

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
 
technology or to update the Group's processes in response to new threats could give rise to these 
consequences, which, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In addition, the Group may also be affected by cyber-attacks against national critical 
infrastructures in the UK or elsewhere, for example, the telecommunications network or cloud 
computing providers used by the Group. In common with other financial institutions the Group 
is dependent on such networks and any cyber-attack against these networks could negatively 
affect its ability to service its customers. As the Group does not operate these networks it has 
limited ability to protect the Group's business from the adverse effects of cyber-attack against 
them. Further, the domestic and global financial services industry, including key financial 
market infrastructure, may be the target of cyber disruption and attack by cyber criminals, 
activists or governments looking to cause economic instability. The Group has limited ability to 
protect its business from the adverse effects of cyber disruption or attack against its 
counterparties and key national and financial market infrastructure. If such a disruption or attack 
were to occur it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee 
misconduct, human error, negligence and fraud 
The Group is exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee 
misconduct, human error, negligence and fraud. It is not always possible to deter or prevent such 
non-compliance, employee misconduct, human error, negligence or fraud and the precautions 
the Group takes to detect and prevent this activity may not always be effective. Any such matters 
could result in regulatory sanctions and cause reputational or financial harm, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Any failure to effectively manage changes in the Group's information technology 
infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects 
The Group's businesses and its ability to remain competitive depends to a significant extent 
upon the functionality of its information technology systems and on its ability to upgrade and 
expand the capacity of its information technology infrastructure on a timely and cost-effective 
basis. The proper functioning of the Group's financial control, risk management, credit analysis 
and reporting, accounting, customer service, financial crime, conduct and compliance and other 
information technology systems, as well as the communication networks between branches and 
main data processing centres, are critical to its businesses and its ability to compete. Investments 
and improvements in the Group's information technology infrastructure are regularly required 
in order to remain competitive. It cannot be certain that in the future the Group will be able to 
maintain the level of capital expenditure necessary to support the improvement, expansion or 
upgrading of its information technology infrastructure as effectively as its competitors; this may 
result in a loss of any competitive advantages that the Group's information technology systems 
provide. Any failure to effectively improve, expand or upgrade its information technology 
infrastructure and management information systems in a timely manner could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
From time to time the Group is required to migrate information relating its customers to new 
information technology systems. Any failure to manage such migration effectively could have 
a negative impact on the Group's ability to provide services to its customers and could cause 
reputational damage to the Group which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group may be exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks despite its risk management 
policies, procedures and methods and may be exposed to risk related to errors in the Group's 
risk modelling 
The management of risk is an integral part of the Group's activities. The Group seek to monitor 
and manage its risk exposure through a variety of risk reporting systems. While the Group 
employs a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques and

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
 
strategies, they may not be fully effective in mitigating the Group's risk exposure in all economic 
market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that the Group fails to identify 
or anticipate.  
Some of the Group's tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon its use of observed 
historical market behaviour. The Group applies statistical and other tools to these observations 
to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. These tools and metrics may fail to predict 
future risk exposures. These risk exposures could, for example, arise from factors the Group did 
not anticipate or correctly evaluate in its statistical models. This would limit its ability to manage 
its risks. The Group's losses thus could be significantly greater than the historical measures 
indicate. In addition, the Group's quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. The 
Group's more qualitative approach to managing those risks could prove insufficient, exposing it 
to material, unanticipated losses. The Group could face adverse consequences as a result of 
decisions, which may lead to actions by management, based on models that include errors or 
are otherwise inadequately developed, implemented or used, or as a result of the modelled 
outcome being misunderstood. If existing or potential customers or counterparties believe its 
risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere or seek to limit their 
transactions with the Group. These occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.  
The Group relies on third parties and affiliates for important infrastructure support, products 
and services 
Third party providers and certain affiliates provide key components of the Group's business 
infrastructure such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process 
support, information technology production and support, internet connections and network 
access. Relying on these third party providers and affiliates is a source of operational and 
regulatory risk, including with respect to security breaches affecting such parties and other 
parties that interact with these parties. As the depth of the Group's relationship with these third 
parties and affiliates increases, including through the use of cloud based services, the Group 
increasingly face the risk of operational failure with respect to their systems. The Group may be 
required to take steps to protect the integrity of its operational systems, thereby increasing its 
operational costs. In addition, any problems caused by these third parties or affiliates, including 
as a result of them not providing the Group their services for any reason, or performing their 
services poorly, could adversely affect the Group's ability to deliver products and services to 
customers and otherwise conduct its business, which could lead to reputational damage and 
regulatory investigations and intervention. Replacing these third party vendors or affiliates 
could also entail significant delays and expense. Further, the operational and regulatory risk the 
Group faces as a result of these arrangements may be increased to the extent that it restructures 
such arrangements. Any restructuring could involve significant expense to the Group and entail 
significant delivery and execution risk which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Failure by the Group to recruit, retain and develop appropriate senior management and 
skilled personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects 
The Group's continued success depends in part on the continued service of key members of its 
senior executive team and other key employees. The ability to continue to attract, train, motivate 
and retain highly qualified and talented professionals from the financial services industry is a 
key element of the Group's strategy. The successful implementation of the Group's strategy 
depends on the availability of skilled and appropriate management with relevant experience in 
the banking industry, both at the Group's head office and in each of its business units. There is 
also an increasing demand for the Group to hire individuals with digital skills such as data 
scientist, engineering and designer skill sets. Such individuals are very sought after by all 
organisations, not just the banking industry, and thus its ability to attract and hire this talent will 
determine how quickly the bank is able to respond to technological change. If the Group fails 
to staff its operations appropriately, or loses one or more of its key senior executives or other 
key employees and fails to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, it could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
 
In addition, the financial services industry has and may continue to experience more stringent 
regulation of employee compensation, which could have an adverse effect on the Group's ability 
to hire or retain the most qualified employees. If the Group fails or is unable to attract and 
appropriately train, motivate and retain qualified professionals, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
8. 
Financial Reporting Risks 
The Group's financial statements are based in part on judgements and accounting estimates 
which, if inaccurate, could cause material misstatement of the Group's future financial 
results and financial condition.  
The preparation of the Group's financial statements requires management to make judgements 
and accounting estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of 
the financial statements and the reported amount of income and expenses during the reporting 
period. Management evaluates its judgements and accounting estimates, which are based on 
historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, on an ongoing basis. Actual amounts may differ from these accounting estimates 
under different assumptions or conditions. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in 
the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. 
Limited significant judgements have been made in the process of applying the Group's 
accounting policies. Those accounting estimates, as well as the judgements inherent within 
them, are considered important to the portrayal of the financial results and financial condition 
because: (i) they are highly susceptible to change from period to period as assumptions are made 
to calculate the estimates; and (ii) any significant difference between the estimated amounts and 
actual amounts could have a material impact on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings 
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial 
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Group's consolidated 
financial statements. These changes can materially affect how the Group records and reports its 
financial condition and operating results. In some cases, the Group could be required to apply a 
new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial 
statements. Any change in reported earnings as a result of the foregoing could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE N&C SECURITIES 
9. 
Risks associated with certain features and other terms and conditions of the N&C 
Securities 
The N&C Securities are unsecured obligations of the Issuer and do not have the benefit of 
any deposit protection and investors will lose some or all of their investment if the Issuer fails 
All N&C Securities will represent direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
All N&C Securities will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
subject to any applicable statutory provisions or judicial order, at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
As the N&C Securities are unsecured, investors are dependent on the Issuer's ability to pay all 
amounts due on the N&C Securities. Investors are therefore subject to the Issuer's credit risk 
and in the event that the Issuer is subject to resolution, insolvency and administration 
procedures. Investors should note in particular that even in respect of N&C Securities which are 
expressed to be "principal protected" or "capital protected" on termination and/or include a 
minimum redemption amount, return of an investor's initial capital investment remains 
dependent on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in full.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
 
The N&C Securities are not savings accounts or deposits of the Issuer or any member of the 
Santander Group. The N&C Securities are not protected by the UK Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme or any other government or private protection scheme. 
Where the Issuer is unable to meet its payment obligations under the N&C Securities in full, an 
investor will lose some and possibly all of the amount invested. 
The N&C Securities may be redeemed prior to their scheduled final termination and the 
holder may not be able to reinvest the proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as any 
interest rate on the N&C Securities 
In certain circumstances, the Early Redemption Amount payable on the termination of a N&C 
Security prior to its scheduled maturity may be less than its original purchase price and could 
be as low as zero. 
Following early redemption of N&C Securities, the holders of such N&C Securities may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption or cancellation proceeds (if any) at an effective interest rate as 
high as any interest rate or yield (if any) on the N&C Securities and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Investors in N&C Securities should consider such reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. Moreover, each interest-bearing N&C 
Security may cease to bear interest from the interest payment date immediately preceding the 
date of occurrence of the event giving rise to early redemption of the N&C Securities. 
N&C Securities may be redeemed early for a number of reasons, including any of the following 
reasons: 
(i) 
the occurrence of a mandatory early redemption event (e.g., the price or level of the 
Reference Item rises above or falls below a pre-determined barrier level), if specified in 
the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities; 
(ii) 
the exercise by the Issuer of a call option, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
the exercise by the N&C Securityholder of a put option, if specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
(iv) 
the occurrence of certain events or other circumstances in relation to a Reference Item at 
the discretion of the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
the Issuer determines that its performance under any N&C Security has become unlawful 
in whole or in part for any reason; 
(vi) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a change in applicable law or regulation has 
occurred and solely by reason of the N&C Securities being outstanding, will result in the 
Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional jurisdiction or regulatory 
authority or being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation considered 
by the Issuer to be materially onerous; 
(vii) 
in certain circumstances where the Issuer determines that it will be obliged to account 
for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges; 
(viii) the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred 
and the Issuer elects to redeem the N&C Securities rather than make adjustments to them; 
or 
(ix) 
following an Event of Default.  
The Early Redemption Amount in respect of each N&C Security shall (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing the fair market value of such N&C Securities immediately prior to such early 
termination, adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation any

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
 
equity options, equity swaps or other N&C Securities of any type whatsoever hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the N&C Securities). The Early Redemption Amount may be less than 
the investor's initial investment and therefore an investor may lose some or all of the initial 
investment.  
The Issuer of the N&C Securities may be substituted with another company 
The Issuer (or any previously substituted company as issuer from time to time) shall, without 
the consent of the holders of N&C Securities, be entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer 
any other company (the "Substitute Issuer") as principal obligor in respect of all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the N&C Securities. Any such substitution is subject to 
certain conditions, including the creditworthiness of the Substitute Issuer. Nevertheless, 
substitution of the Issuer for a Substitute Issuer could have a material adverse effect on the return 
on and value of the N&C Securities. 
The terms and conditions of the N&C Securities contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors 
The N&C Security Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of N&C Securityholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally including, without limitation, 
modifications of certain provisions of the relevant N&C Securities, Receipts or Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement (as the case may be). The meetings provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all N&C Securityholders including N&C Securityholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting and N&C Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The N&C Security Conditions also provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of N&C 
Securityholders, agree to: 
(i) 
certain modifications of the N&C Securities, including: 
(A) 
any modification of the provisions of the N&C Securities, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
N&C Securityholders; or 
(B) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Conditions, the N&C Securities, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement (as the case may be) which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or is made to correct an error, ambiguity or omission such that, in the 
absence of such correction, the terms of the N&C Securities would not otherwise 
represent the intended terms of the N&C Securities on which the N&C Securities 
were sold and have since traded or is to comply with mandatory provisions of 
applicable law; or 
(ii) 
the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any N&C Securities in 
place of the Issuer, in certain circumstances. 
The Issuer may rely on third parties and the N&C Securityholders may be adversely affected 
if such third parties fail to perform their obligations 
The Issuer may be a party to contracts with a number of other third parties that have agreed to 
perform services in relation to the N&C Securities. For example, the Paying Agents have agreed 
to perform services in connection with the N&C Securities; and Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have, in respect of N&C Securities in global form deposited with them ("Global 
N&C Securities"), agreed, inter alia, to accept such Global N&C Securities as eligible for 
settlement and to properly service the same, and to maintain up-to-date records in respect of the 
total amount or number outstanding of such Global N&C Securities. In the event that any 
relevant third party was to fail to perform its obligations under the respective agreements to 
which it is a party, the N&C Securityholders may be adversely affected.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
 
10. 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the N&C Securities 
An active secondary market in respect of the N&C Securities may never be established or may 
be illiquid and this would adversely affect the ability of an investor to sell the N&C Securities 
and/or the value at which an investor could sell the N&C Securities 
N&C Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their N&C Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for N&C Securities that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. As such, the N&C 
Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional securities.  
The Issuer cannot predict when market conditions may change and whether, if and when they 
do change, there will be a more or less liquid market for the N&C Securities as a result. If a 
trading market were to develop, the N&C Securities could trade at prices that may be higher or 
lower than the relevant initial issue price and this may result in a return that is greater or less 
than any interest or other additional amounts payable in respect of the N&C Securities.  
In addition, certain N&C Securities have a more limited trading market and experience more 
price volatility because they were designed for specific investment objectives or strategies. 
There may be a limited number of buyers when an investor decides to sell such N&C Securities. 
This may affect the price an investor receives for such N&C Securities, or the ability of an 
investor to sell such N&C Securities at all. 
Application may be made to list an issue of N&C Securities on a stock exchange, as indicated 
in the applicable Issue Terms. The fact that the N&C Securities may be listed does not 
necessarily lead to greater liquidity. Additionally, the Issuer is not required to maintain the 
listing on such stock exchange or any other exchange. The price at which the N&C Securities 
trade on the relevant stock exchange (or any other exchange on which they are traded or quoted) 
may not reflect the applicable redemption amount. 
If N&C Securities are not traded on any stock exchange, pricing information for such N&C 
Securities may be more difficult to obtain, and the liquidity and market prices of such N&C 
Securities may be adversely affected. The liquidity of the N&C Securities may also be affected 
by restrictions on offers and sales of N&C Securities in some jurisdictions as set forth under 
"Subscription and Sale". N&C Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of 
the N&C Securities may be adversely affected. Also, to the extent N&C Securities of a particular 
issue are cancelled or redeemed, as the case may be, the number of N&C Securities of such 
issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining N&C 
Securities of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of N&C Securities may cause, 
in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of N&C Securities. 
As part of its issuing, market-making and/or trading arrangements, the Issuer may issue more 
N&C Securities than those which are to be subscribed or purchased by third party investors. The 
Issuer (or any of its affiliates) may hold such N&C Securities for the purpose of meeting any 
investor interest in the future. Prospective investors in the N&C Securities should therefore not 
regard the issue size of any Series as indicative of the depth or liquidity of the market for such 
Series, or of the demand for such Series. 
The Issuer and any Dealer and any financial intermediary may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase N&C Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any 
N&C Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. A Dealer 
or any financial intermediary may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of N&C 
Securities. Even if a Dealer or any financial intermediary is a market-maker for an issue of N&C 
Securities, the secondary market for such N&C Securities may be limited. To the extent that an 
issue of N&C Securities becomes illiquid, an investor may have to await termination of such 
N&C Securities to realise their value.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
 
The Issue Price of the N&C Securities may be more than the market value of such N&C 
Securities as at the Issue Date, and the price of the N&C Securities in secondary market 
transactions 
The Issue Price in respect of any N&C Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms may be 
more than the market value of such N&C Securities as at the relevant Issue Date, and the price, 
if any, at which the relevant Dealer(s) or any other person willing to purchase such N&C 
Securities in secondary market transactions. In particular, the Issue Price in respect of any N&C 
Securities may not reflect their inherent value and may take into account several types of 
proceeds, benefits or costs to the Issuer. These may include amounts with respect to 
inducements, commissions and/or other fees (including fees to be paid to distributors and/or 
introducing brokers) relating to the issue and sale or distribution of such N&C Securities as well 
as up-front payments or other amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under 
such N&C Securities. Secondary market prices are likely to exclude such amounts. In addition, 
pricing models of relevant market participants may differ or produce a different result. This can 
cause a difference between the theoretical value of the N&C Securities and any bid and offer 
prices quoted by the Issuer, any Affiliate or any third party. Such differences may be greater 
when the N&C Securities are initially traded on any secondary markets and may gradually 
decline in value during the term of the N&C Securities. The sale of the N&C Securities in the 
secondary market could result in a loss from the original Issue Price (or other purchase price).  
The market value of the N&C Securities at any time is dependent on other matters in addition 
to the credit risk of the Issuer  
The market value of the N&C Securities at any time will be affected by a number of factors 
including: 
(i) 
market interest and yield rates; 
(ii) 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
(iii) 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
performance of any Reference Item(s); 
(v) 
liquidity of the N&C Securities and/or of any Reference Item(s) in the secondary market; 
(vi) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or maturity date, as the case may be; 
(vii) 
other events (e.g. economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist or military events) 
in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital markets generally or the 
stock exchanges on which any of the N&C Securities or Reference Item(s) may be traded. 
The amount(s) which are or may be payable in respect of N&C Securities are typically expected 
to be but may not be greater than the trading price of such N&C Securities at any time prior to 
termination. The sale of N&C Securities in the secondary market could result in a loss from the 
original purchase price. 
Effect of credit ratings assigned to the Issuer  
The value of the N&C Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general 
appraisal of the Issuer's creditworthiness. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the 
ratings accorded to the Issuer's outstanding securities by standard statistical rating services. A 
reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt securities of the Issuer by one of 
these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the N&C Securities. 
A credit rating assigned to the Issuer may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks 
related to the structure, market, type of return or suitability of the N&C Securities as an 
investment but may affect the value of the N&C Securities. Any rating agency may lower its 
ratings or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of 
the Issuer has declined or is in question. In addition, at any time any rating agency may revise

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
 
its relevant rating methodology with the result that, amongst other things, any rating assigned 
to the Issuer may be lowered.  
If any rating assigned to the Issuer is lowered or withdrawn, the secondary market value of any 
N&C Securities may be reduced.  
The N&C Securities may have a Minimum Tradable Size 
Prospective investors should be aware that for any N&C Security which has a Minimum 
Tradable Size specified in the applicable Final Terms and a smaller minimum Specified 
Denomination, it is possible that such N&C Securities may only be traded in a nominal amount, 
for a consideration or in the number, as the case may be, that is at least equal to the Minimum 
Tradable Size.  
In such a case, a holder who holds a nominal amount or number of N&C Securities or wishes 
to transfer a nominal amount or number of N&C Securities which is less than the Minimum 
Tradable Size will be unable to sell or transfer such holding. If a holder holds a nominal amount 
or number of N&C Securities that is less than the Minimum Tradable Size, in order for such 
holder to sell or transfer its holding of N&C Securities such holder would first need to purchase 
such additional identical N&C Securities such that it is in a position to sell or transfer a total 
nominal amount or number, as the case may be, of N&C Securities at least equal to the Minimum 
Tradable Size. Investors should be aware that it may not always be possible to purchase such 
additional N&C Securities and as such they may be unable to sell or transfer any such holding. 
If N&C Securities which have a Minimum Tradable Size are in definitive form, holders should 
be aware that definitive N&C Securities with a denomination that is less than the Minimum 
Tradable Size may be illiquid or difficult to trade. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell 
their N&C Securities and may be adversely affected if definitive N&C Securities are 
subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of N&C Securities which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such N&C Securities may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  
In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal 
amount of N&C Securities at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time, may not receive N&C Securities 
in respect of such holding (should definitive N&C Securities be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of N&C Securities at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such N&C Securities in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive 
N&C Securities which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
Discontinuation or withdrawal of offer period 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the offer period in relation to any 
N&C Securities may be discontinued or extended at any time. 
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the Issue Terms will have the right 
to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according to 
the terms indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. In such case, any amounts segregated by a 
distributor or financial intermediary as intended payment of the offer price by an investor will

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
 
be released to the relevant investor by the distributor or financial intermediary but may or may 
not accrue interest depending on the agreements between the investor and the relevant 
distributor or financial intermediary or depending on the policies applied by the distributor or 
financial intermediary in this regard. In these circumstances, there may also be a time lag in the 
release of any such amounts and, unless otherwise agreed with the relevant distributor or 
financial intermediary, no amount will be payable as compensation and the investor may be 
subject to reinvestment risk. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms may terminate the offer early by immediate suspension 
of the acceptance of further subscription requests. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may 
have an impact on the aggregate number of N&C Securities issued and therefore may have an 
adverse effect on the liquidity of the N&C Securities. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms will have the right to postpone the originally designated Issue Date. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this right applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. In the 
event that the issue date is so delayed, no compensation or amount in respect of interest shall be 
payable or otherwise accrue in relation to such N&C Securities unless otherwise agreed between 
the investor and the relevant distributor or the policies of the distributor or financial intermediary 
so provide. 
11. 
Risks associated with the structure of a particular issue of N&C Securities 
The inclusion of the Issuer call option in respect of N&C Securities will generally mean that 
(a) the holder will not be able to participate in any future upside performance of the 
underlying Reference Item(s) following the effective date of the Issuer call option, (b) the 
market value of the N&C Securities may be limited and (c) if the call option is exercised, the 
holder may not be able to reinvest the proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as any 
interest rate on the N&C Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the N&C Securities are redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer, the Issuer may redeem such N&C Securities at times when the prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. As a consequence, the yields (if any) received upon redemption 
may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the N&C Securities may be lower 
than the purchase price for the N&C Securities paid by the N&C Securityholder. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the N&C Securityholder may be lost, so that the 
N&C Securityholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
Accordingly, an investor generally will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate, if applicable, as high as that of the N&C 
Securities. Furthermore, during any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the N&C 
Securities, the market value of those N&C Securities generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The value of Fixed Rate N&C Securities may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities are subject to the risk that if the market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate N&C Securities, this will adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate N&C Securities. 
N&C Securities which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to 
include a multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values 
than more standard securities 
N&C Securities with floating interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those 
features or other similar related features, their market value may be more volatile than those for

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
 
securities that do not include these features. An investor may receive substantially less or no 
interest at all on such Floating Rate N&C Securities. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any N&C Securities from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market value of the N&C 
Securities concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate N&C Securities are N&C Securities which may bear interest at a rate that 
the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the N&C Securities since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate N&C Securities may be less 
favourable than the then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes relating to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the interest 
rates payable on other N&C Securities. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing market rates. 
Inverse Floating Rate N&C Securities will have more volatile market values than convention 
Floating Rate N&C Securities 
Inverse Floating Rate N&C Securities may have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a 
rate based upon a reference rate such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). The 
market value of inverse Floating Rate N&C Securities typically is more volatile than the market 
value of other more conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate 
(and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate N&C Securities are more volatile 
because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate payable on the N&C 
Securities, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which may further 
adversely affect the market value of the N&C Securities. 
Where N&C Securities are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any 
subsequent instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment 
The Issuer may issue N&C Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Any failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in 
respect of his N&C Securities could result in such investor losing some or all of his investment. 
N&C Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market value of N&C Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the N&C Securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate 
N&C Securities and such N&C Securities are subject to a number of risks 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or 
a significant part thereof may adopt and application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate N&C Securities that reference 
a SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue 
N&C Securities referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA-referenced N&C Securities issued under the Base 
Prospectus. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced N&C 
Securities issued under the Base Prospectus from time to time. 
Interest on N&C Securities which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in the N&C Securities which reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such N&C Securities, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such N&C 
Securities without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such N&C Securities. Further, if the Floating Rate N&C Securities become due and 
payable falling an Event of Default, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date 
the N&C Securities became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of N&C Securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the N&C Securities, 
the trading price of such N&C Securities linked to SONIA may be lower than those of N&C 
Securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such N&C Securities may 
not be able to sell such N&C Securities at all or may not be able to sell such N&C Securities at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and 
market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Floating Rate N&C Securities. 
The time lag between the exercise of an optional redemption right and settlement could result 
in a loss 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the case of N&C Securities which the 
Issuer is required to redeem prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the N&C Securityholder, 
there will be a time lag between the time a N&C Securityholder gives the instruction to redeem 
and the time the applicable Optional Redemption Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The applicable Optional Redemption Amount may change significantly during any such 
period, and such movement or movements could decrease the Optional Redemption Amount, 
and may result in a N&C Securityholder not realising a return or making a greater loss than 
would otherwise be the case on an investment in the N&C Securities. 
Euro-system Eligibility in relation to Global N&C Securities issued in NGN form 
The European Central Bank maintains and publishes a list of assets which are recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary and intra-day credit operations. In certain 
circumstances, recognition may impact on (among other things) the liquidity of the reference 
items. Recognition (and inclusion on the list) is at the discretion of the Eurosystem and is 
dependent upon satisfaction of certain Eurosystem eligibility criteria and rules. If application is 
made to the European Control Board for any N&C Securities to be recognised and added to the 
list of eligible assets, there can be no assurance that such N&C Securities will be so recognised, 
or, if they are recognised, that they will continue to be recognised at all times during their life. 
None of the Issuer, any Dealer, the Book-Entry Depositary or any agent makes any 
representation or warranty as to the eligibility of any N&C Security for the Eurosystem. 
The Issuer may be prohibited from physically delivering bearer N&C Securities  
The Issuer may be prohibited from physically delivering definitive N&C Securities in bearer 
form by the laws of a N&C Securityholder's jurisdiction. In these circumstances, any definitive

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
 
N&C Security in bearer form may be delivered to a nominated custodian in a jurisdiction where 
such prohibition does not exist.  
Certain Considerations relating to Book-Entry Interests 
Until and unless definitive N&C Securities in registered form are issued in exchange for the 
N&C Securities, holders of the Book-Entry Interests will not be considered the owners or 
holders of N&C Securities with regard to payment. To the extent the N&C Securities are issued 
in the form of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities, the Book-Entry Depositary or its 
nominee will be the sole holder of such N&C Securities. The Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Registrar will treat the bearer of the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities as the 
owner thereof for the purposes of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Upon receipt 
of amounts owing in respect of the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities, the Book-Entry 
Depositary will pay the amounts so received to the relevant clearing system(s) for onward 
payment to applicable owners of Book-Entry Interests in accordance with their procedures. 
Accordingly, holders of a Book-Entry Interest must rely on the procedures of the relevant 
clearing system(s) to exercise any rights and remedies of a N&C Securityholder under the N&C 
Securities. 
Limitations on ownership of Book-Entry Interests 
Ownership of Book-Entry Interests will be limited to persons with an account with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or persons who may hold interests through such participants. 
Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be affected only through 
records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
participants. 
The Book-Entry Interests will not be held in definitive form. Instead, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) will credit on their respective book-entry registration 
and transfer systems a participant's account with the interest beneficially owned by such 
participant. The laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may 
require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive 
form. Limitations on ownership of Book-Entry Interests may impair the ability to own, transfer 
or pledge Book-Entry Interests.  
Certain Considerations relating to CREST Depository Interests 
Investors who hold interests in the N&C Securities through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
(formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) ("CREST") through CREST Depository Interests will 
not be the legal owners of the N&C Securities (the "Underlying N&C Securities") to which 
such CREST Depository Interests relate. CREST Depository Interests are separate legal 
instruments from the Underlying N&C Securities and represent indirect interests in the interests 
of the CREST Nominee (as defined below) in such Underlying N&C Securities. CREST 
Depository Interests will be issued by the CREST Depository to investors and will be governed 
by English law. 
The Underlying N&C Securities (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying N&C Securities) will be held in an account with a 
custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying N&C Securities through the relevant 
Clearance System. Rights in the Underlying N&C Securities will be held through custodial and 
depositary links through the relevant Clearance System. The legal title to the Underlying N&C 
Securities or to interests in the Underlying N&C Securities will depend on the rules of the 
relevant Clearance System in or through which the Underlying N&C Securities are held.  
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee (the 
"CREST Nominee") in accordance with the CREST Global Deed Poll dated 25 June 2001 (as 
amended) (the "CREST Deed Poll") (in the form from time to time contained in Chapter 8 of 
the CREST International Manual (which forms part of the document entitled the "CREST 
Manual" issued by CREST (the "CREST Manual") will hold the legal title to the Underlying 
N&C Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities. 
This could result in a holder of CREST Depository Interests receiving less than, or none of, the

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
 
full amount payable in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities in the event of any insolvency 
or liquidation of any relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying N&C Securities 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other 
securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
Rights in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST 
Depository Interests except indirectly through CREST Depository Limited or any successor 
thereto (the "CREST Depository") and the CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights 
indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The 
enforcement of rights in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities will therefore be subject to 
the local law of the relevant intermediary.  
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise 
would have been made in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities in the event of any 
insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying N&C 
Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible 
with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries.  
If a matter arises that requires a vote of N&C Securityholders, the Issuer may make 
arrangements to permit the holders of Crest Depository Interests to instruct the CREST 
Depository to exercise the voting rights of the CREST Nominee in respect of the Underlying 
N&C Securities. However, there is no guarantee that it will be possible to put such voting 
arrangements in place for holders of CREST Depository Interests. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed 
Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual and the 
CREST Rules (also contained in the CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service, in each case as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time 
to time. Holders of CREST Depository Interests must comply in full with all obligations 
imposed on them by such provisions. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed 
Poll and the CREST Manual (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, warranties, representations 
and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and limitations on the 
liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CREST Depository Interests. Holders of 
CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a breach of any 
such indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested 
by them and the rights of and returns received by holders of CREST Depository Interests may 
differ from those of holders of N&C Securities which are not represented by CREST Depository 
Interests. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that holders of CREST Depository 
Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in 
connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. These will 
include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of 
services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses 
which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Underlying N&C 
Securities through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that none of the Issuer, any Dealer or any 
Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders acting in connection with CREST Depository 
Interests or for the respective obligations of such intermediaries, participants or accountholders 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
 
12. 
Risks associated with N&C Securities that are linked to one or more Reference Item(s) 
The value of and return on N&C Securities is dependent on the performance of the 
underlying Reference Item(s) and therefore subject to risks in relation to the Reference 
Item(s) 
N&C Securities which are linked to the performance of any Reference Item(s) will represent an 
investment linked to the economic performance of the Reference Item(s) and investors should 
note that any return on their investment in such N&C Securities will depend upon the 
performance of such Reference Item(s).  
If the amounts payable in respect of N&C Securities are linked to the performance of the 
Reference Item(s), an investor in such a N&C Security must generally make correct predictions 
as to the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the Reference 
Item(s) or other basis which may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. However, it is 
impossible to make such predictions with any degree of certainty, as the price, performance or 
investment return of the Reference Items may be subject to sudden and large unpredictable 
changes over time known as "volatility". The volatility of a Reference Item may be affected by 
national and international financial, political, military or economic events, including 
governmental actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these 
events or activities could adversely affect the value of the N&C Securities. 
The historical performance of the Reference Item(s) should not be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such Reference Item(s) during the term of such N&C Security.  
In contrast to a direct investment in the Reference Item(s), N&C Securities represent the right 
to receive payment and/or delivery of amounts which will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the Reference Item(s). Potential purchasers should also note that whilst the 
market value of such N&C Securities linked to such Reference Item(s) will be influenced 
(positively or negatively) by such Reference Item(s), any change may not be comparable or 
directly proportionate to the change in value of such Reference Item(s).  
Investors can have no claim against any Reference Item 
An N&C Security will not represent a claim against any Reference Item and, in the event of any 
loss, an N&C Securityholder will not have recourse under an N&C Security to any Reference 
Item. The N&C Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, 
sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an underlying Reference Item and 
such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any 
N&C Securityholders. 
The market value of N&C Securities and the amount payable on the N&C Securities may be 
affected due to the application of leverage or reduced exposure in the structure 
Where a formula used to determine the amount(s) payable with respect to the N&C Securities 
contains a multiplier participation rate or leverage factor (whether implicit or explicit) greater 
than one or 100 per cent., then the percentage change in the value of the N&C Security may be 
greater than any positive and/or negative performance of the Reference Item(s). N&C Securities 
which include such multiplier or leverage factor represent a very speculative and risky form of 
investment, since any loss in the value of the Reference Item(s) may carry the risk of a 
correspondingly higher loss on the N&C Securities. 
Where a formula used to determine the amount(s) payable with respect to the N&C Securities 
contains an explicit or implicit multiplier participation rate or factor of less than one or 100 per 
cent., then the percentage change in the value of the N&C Security may be less than any positive 
and/or negative performance of the Reference Item(s). N&C Securities which include such 
multiplier or leverage factor may not benefit from the full extent of any gain in the value of the 
Reference Item(s), since any gain in the value of the Reference Item(s) may carry the risk of a 
correspondingly lower gain on the N&C Securities.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
 
The worst performing feature means that an investor will be exposed to the performance of 
each Reference item and in particular the Reference Item which has the worst performance 
If the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities provide that the return on the N&C Securities 
depends on the worst performing Reference Item in the basket of Reference Item(s), the N&C 
Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of each Reference Item and, in particular, 
to the Reference Item which has the worst performance. This means that, irrespective of how 
the other Reference Item(s) perform, if any one or more Reference Item(s) fails to meet a 
relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of interest or the calculation of any redemption 
amount, an investor may receive no interest payments and/or could lose some or all of the 
investor's initial investment. 
There are certain risks in N&C Securities that include an averaging feature 
The calculation of the performance of a Reference Item in respect of certain N&C Securities 
may be based on the average of the price or level or other measure of such Reference Item over 
two or more Averaging Dates (as applicable). The effect of such averaging may be that the 
performance of the Reference Item will not increase proportionately if the price or level or other 
measure of the Reference Item sharply increases towards the end of the term (or temporarily 
during the term, or towards the end of an initial valuation period, as applicable). Accordingly, 
the effect of the averaging feature may be to lead to a reduced performance (and therefore a 
reduced return on the relevant N&C Securities) as compared to the position where the 
performance of the Reference Item is measured on a single valuation date. On the other hand, a 
temporary decrease of price or level or other measure of the Reference Item will also not lead 
to a proportionate decrease of the performance of the Reference Item if the price or level or 
other measure of the Reference Item has been correspondingly higher on the remaining initial 
Averaging Dates or Averaging Dates (as applicable). 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks", including LIBOR, EURIBOR and other 
interest rates, equities and other types of benchmarks could have a material effect on the 
value of and return on N&C Securities  
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks 
are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be automatically 
replaced with another benchmark by operation of law, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on N&C Securities linked to any such value or benchmark. 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark Regulation") is 
a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such 
as LIBOR and Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, 
will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmark Regulation as "benchmarks" where they 
are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments 
(including Securities listed on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility 
(MTF)), and in a number of other circumstances. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, 
the Benchmark Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also 
prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU 
administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the Benchmark 
Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's 
regulatory regime has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
 
administrator has not been recognised in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation, and (iii) 
the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any N&C Securities linked to a 
benchmark rate or index. For example: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant 
interest rate benchmark (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) could affect the level of the 
published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would 
otherwise be; 
(b) 
if a benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then: 
(i) 
the rate of interest on the N&C Securities may be determined for a period by any 
applicable 
fall-back 
provisions 
under 
the 
relevant 
N&C 
Securities 
documentation, although such provisions may not operate as intended (depending 
on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the time); and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where an amendment as described in paragraph (c) below has 
not been made at the relevant time, the rate of interest on the N&C Securities will 
be determined for a period by the fall-back provisions provided for under the 
N&C Security Conditions;  
(c) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause early redemption or 
adjustment of the N&C Securities which may include selecting one or more successor 
benchmarks and making related adjustments to the N&C Securities, including if 
applicable to reflect increased costs. An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if 
any of the following circumstances occurs or may occur: (1) a benchmark is materially 
changed or cancelled, (2)(i) the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in 
any official register is withdrawn, or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
the use of the benchmark due to licensing restrictions or increased licence costs; and 
(d) 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
N&C Securities linked to any such rates. 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away 
from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified 
"risk free rates" to eventually take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This 
includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so 
that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 
2021, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) as the new euro 
risk- free rate, and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to 
be eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates 
have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they will 
eventually replace and have little, if any, historical track record. It is not known whether certain 
IBORs will continue long-term in their current form. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates may cause the relevant 
IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be calculated in a different 
way, to be automatically replaced with another benchmark by operation of law or have other

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The replacement risk free rate may have little, if any, 
historical track record and may be subject to changes in its methodology. Any of these 
developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on N&C Securities 
linked to any such rates. 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to underlying assets may lead to an early redemption 
or early cancellation 
Underlying assets (such as commodities, interest rates, exchange rates, broad-based credit 
indices and broad-based equity indices) are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may 
change in ways that could affect the ability of the Issuer and/or any entities acting on behalf of 
the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations in relation to the N&C Securities to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the N&C 
Securities, and/or could lead to the early termination of the N&C Securities. 
In particular, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may either (a) redeem or cancel the N&C Securities prior to maturity or 
settlement by payment of an Early Redemption Amount which may be less than the purchase 
price of the N&C Securities or (b) amend the terms of the N&C Securities instead as it 
determines appropriate to account for such event. If the payment on the N&C Securities is 
accelerated, a holder's investment may result in a loss and a holder may not be able to reinvest 
the proceeds in a comparable investment. An Additional Disruption Event includes any legal or 
regulatory changes that the Calculation Agent determines have interfered with the ability of the 
Issuer and/or any entities acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations in relation to the N&C Securities to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations under the N&C Securities, or if for any other reason the Issuer and/or any 
entities acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations in relation to the N&C Securities is/are unable to enter into or 
maintain hedge positions to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the N&C Securities. The Early 
Redemption Amount may be less than the investor's initial investment and therefore an investor 
may lose some or all of the initial investment. 
There are risks in utilising the N&C Securities for hedging purposes 
It may not be possible to use the N&C Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in a Reference Item. Prospective purchasers intending to purchase 
N&C Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in a Reference Item 
should recognise the complexities of utilising N&C Securities in this manner. For example, the 
value of the N&C Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the Reference Item. 
Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the N&C Securities, there is no assurance that their 
value will correlate with movements of the Reference Item. For these reasons, among others, it 
may not be possible to purchase or liquidate N&C Securities in a portfolio at the prices used to 
calculate the value of any Reference Item.  
There are risks relating to Inventory N&C Securities which have been issued prior to the date 
of their purchase 
In the case of N&C Securities which have been issued prior to the date of their purchase and 
which the Dealer has been holding from time to time on its own account ("Inventory N&C 
Securities"), the disclosure in relation to the Reference Item(s) to which the relevant Inventory 
N&C Securities may be linked as set forth in the Issue Terms will have been extracted by the 
Issuer from publicly available sources but will not have been prepared by, or on behalf of, and 
will not have been verified by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Dealer or any other member of 
the Santander Group, each of which disclaim any responsibility for such information. Such 
information may be out of date and none of the Issuer, the Dealer or any other member of the 
Santander Group shall provide any updated information in relation to the Reference Item(s). If 
there has been any change in the Reference Item(s) since the date of the Issue Terms, this may 
have an adverse effect on the pay-out and/or value of the relevant Inventory N&C Securities. 
Furthermore, any change in the situation or condition of the Issuer since the date of the Issue 
Terms will not be disclosed and may have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant 
Inventory N&C Securities.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
 
N&C Securities which are exposed to one or more emerging markets elements are subject to 
particular risks 
Where the N&C Securities relate to Reference Items associated with, or denominated in the 
currencies of, emerging market countries, investors should note that the risk of the occurrence 
of and the severity of the consequences of the matters described herein may be greater than they 
would otherwise be in relation to more developed countries. Emerging markets jurisdictions 
may be characterised as politically unstable and/or lacking a stable and fully developed economy 
and financial system and/or lacking in established rule of law. Emerging markets investments 
generally have greater risks than those from developed jurisdictions including political risk, 
economic risk, currency risk, market risk, regulatory/legal risk and shareholder risk as further 
described below: 
Political risk: The relative instability of political systems of emerging markets jurisdictions may 
leave them more vulnerable to public unrest and instability. Such circumstances, in turn, could 
lead to a reversal of some or all economic or political reform including such policies as 
confiscatory taxation, exchange controls or expropriation of foreign-owned assets without 
adequate compensation. Any such policies could have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the relevant N&C Securities. 
Economic risk: Businesses and governments of emerging markets jurisdictions may be 
relatively inexperienced in dealing with difficult market conditions (such as the on-going global 
recession) and may have a limited capital base from which to borrow funds. In addition, an 
emerging markets jurisdiction may lack a developed banking sector and its financial institutions 
may not be adequately regulated. These factors, among other economic issues, could affect the 
functioning of the economy and have a corresponding adverse effect on the performance of the 
Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the relevant N&C Securities. 
Currency risk: Reference Item(s) or N&C Securities denominated in the currencies of emerging 
markets jurisdictions may be subject to greater volatility and possibly the suspension of the 
ability to exchange or transfer currency, or the devaluation of the currency.  
Market risk: The financial systems and markets of emerging markets jurisdictions may lack the 
level of transparency and liquidity found in more developed markets. As a result, such markets 
may suffer from extreme price volatility, price discrepancies and lack of liquidity. Any such 
circumstances or events may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Reference Item(s) 
and, in turn, the relevant N&C Securities. 
Regulatory/Legal risk: In emerging markets jurisdictions there may be less government 
regulation of business and industry practices, stock exchanges, over-the-counter markets and 
market participants than in more developed countries. Legislation to safeguard the rights of 
private ownership and to prevent stock market manipulation may not be fully developed and 
regulations governing investments in securities may not exist or may be subject to inconsistent 
or arbitrary application or interpretation and may be subject to change with retroactive effect. 
The holder of a Reference Item of an emerging markets jurisdiction may not be able to pursue 
legal remedies in the courts of such jurisdictions. Any such circumstances or events may have 
an adverse effect on the performance of the Reference Item(s) and, in turn, the relevant N&C 
Securities. 
13. 
Risks associated with a particular type of Reference Item(s) 
Risks relating to Equity Index Linked N&C Securities 
Various unpredictable factors may affect the performance of equity indices 
Equity indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, and as such, the performance of 
an equity index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares that underlie 
such equity index, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments, political factors as well as company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy, as well as the index 
composition, which may change over time.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
 
Actions by the index sponsor may negatively affect the N&C Securities 
The sponsor of the equity index(s) will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the N&C 
Securities and will have no obligation to the N&C Securityholders. For example, the sponsor 
can add, delete or substitute the components of an index at its discretion, and may also alter the 
methodology used to calculate the level of the equity index. The sponsor may also alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the equity index. Any of these actions 
may have a detrimental impact on the level of the equity index, which in turn could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on the N&C Securities. 
The N&C Securityholders may receive a lower return on N&C Securities linked to equity indices 
than if the N&C Securityholders held the underlying shares directly 
The value of and return on Equity Index Linked N&C Securities may be less than the value of 
and return on a direct holding of the shares of the companies comprising the components of the 
equity index. This is because the closing index level on any specified valuation date may reflect 
the prices of such index components without taking into account any dividend payments on 
those component shares. Accordingly, the N&C Securityholders may receive a lower return on 
Equity Index Linked N&C Securities than they would have received had they invested directly 
in those shares. 
The occurrence of certain disruption provisions may lead to early termination of the N&C 
Securities 
Equity Index Linked N&C Securities may be subject to certain disruption provisions. In 
particular, the Calculation Agent may determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as 
defined in the Equity Index Conditions) has occurred at any relevant time. Any such 
determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation, and consequently the value of the 
N&C Securities, and/or may delay settlement in respect of the N&C Securities. In addition 
certain extraordinary events may lead to early termination of the N&C Securities and such an 
event may have an adverse effect on the value of the N&C Securities. Whether and how such 
provisions apply to the N&C Securities can be ascertained by reading the Equity Index Linked 
Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Issue Terms. 
United States CFTC "commodity pool" regulations  
Unlike an investment in the N&C Securities, an investment in a collective investment vehicle 
that invests in futures or swap contracts linked to interest rates, exchange rates, broad-based 
credit indices (such as the CDX Index or the iTraxx Index) and broad-based equity indices (such 
as the S&P 500 Index) on behalf of its participants may be regulated as a commodity pool and 
its operator may be required to be registered with and regulated by the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator. The Issuer's board of directors will not be registered with the CFTC as a 
commodity pool operator, and the N&C Securityholders will not benefit from the CFTC's or 
any non-U.S. regulatory authority's regulatory protections afforded to persons who trade in 
futures or swap contracts or who invest in regulated commodity pools. 
Indices to which Index Linked N&C Securities may be indexed may include over-the-counter 
contracts (such as swaps and forward contracts) traded on trading facilities that are subject to 
lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. As a result, trading in 
such contracts, and the manner in which prices and volumes are reported by the relevant trading 
facilities, may not be subject to the same provisions of, and the protections afforded by, the 
CEA, or other applicable United States or foreign statutes and related regulations, that govern 
trading on regulated futures exchanges.  
In addition, many electronic trading facilities have only recently initiated trading and do not 
have significant trading histories. As a result, the trading of contracts on such facilities and the 
inclusion of such contracts in the relevant Index (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
may be subject to certain risks not presented by most exchange-related futures contracts, 
including risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts. At the same 
time, legislation recently enacted in the United States and pending in the European Union will 
increase the regulation of many of these over-the-counter contracts, including in some cases

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
 
requiring them to be cleared and traded through regulated facilities, although the extent and 
nature of such regulation will differ from the regulation of futures. 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked N&C Securities 
The level of an Inflation Index may not correlate with other indices or otherwise not track the 
actual level of inflation in the relevant jurisdiction 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the 
N&C Securities are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
other indices. Any movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest 
payable on the N&C Securities (if applicable) or, in the case of N&C Securities with a 
redemption amount or settlement amount linked to inflation, in a reduction of the amount 
payable on redemption or settlement which in some cases could be less than the amount 
originally invested or zero. 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the 
measure of inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to 
investors on the N&C Securities, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount or settlement amount of 
Inflation Linked N&C Securities are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant 
jurisdiction, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced 
by N&C Securityholders in such jurisdiction. 
The occurrence of certain disruption provisions may lead to early termination of the N&C 
Securities 
Inflation Linked N&C Securities may be subject to certain disruption provisions or 
extraordinary event provisions. Relevant events may relate to market disruptions, or other 
extraordinary events in relation to the relevant level of inflation/consumer price index or indices. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred this may delay valuations 
under and/or settlements in respect of the N&C Securities and consequently adversely affect the 
value of the N&C Securities. In addition certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to 
early termination of the N&C Securities which may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
N&C Securities. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant N&C Securities can be 
ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
14. 
Risks associated with foreign exchange 
If an investor holds N&C Securities which are not denominated in the investor's home 
currency, the investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the 
value of the investor's holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to 
any N&C Securities could result in an investor not receiving payments on those N&C 
Securities 
The Issuer will pay principal, interest and other amounts on the N&C Securities in the Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent yield on the N&C Securities, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the N&C Securities, and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the N&C Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
 
make payments in respect of the N&C Securities. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal or settlement amount than expected, or no interest or principal or settlement amount. 
There is generally foreign exchange currency exposure in respect of N&C Securities which 
provide for payment to be made in a currency which is different to the currency of the 
Reference Item(s) 
Where the terms and conditions of the N&C Securities provide that payment under such N&C 
Securities will be made in a currency which is different from the currency of the Reference Item, 
and such N&C Securities do not have a "quanto" feature (i.e. the N&C Securities themselves 
take no account of currency rate movements or otherwise hedge the currency risk), there are 
additional risks. Holders of such N&C Securities may be exposed not only to the performance 
of the Reference Item but also to the performance of such foreign currency, which cannot be 
predicted. Investors should be aware that foreign exchange rates are, and have been, highly 
volatile and determined by supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and 
central banks (e.g., imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to 
replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the 
exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability 
of a specified currency).  
There are risks relating to currency-protected or "quanto" N&C Securities which provide for 
payment to be made in a currency which is different to the currency of the Reference Item(s) 
If one or more Reference Items are not denominated in the currency of the N&C Securities and 
at the same time only the performance of the Reference Item(s) in their denominated currency 
is relevant to the payout on the N&C Securities, such N&C Securities are referred to as currency-
protected N&C Securities or N&C Securities with a "quanto" feature. Under such feature, the 
investment return of the N&C Securities depends only on the performance of the Reference 
Item(s) (in the relevant currency) and any change in the rate of exchange between the currency 
of the Reference Item(s) and the N&C Securities is disregarded. Accordingly, the application of 
a "quanto" feature means that N&C Securityholders will not have the benefit of any change in 
the rate of exchange between the currency of the Reference Item(s) and the N&C Securities that 
would otherwise increase the performance of the Reference Item(s) in the absence of such 
"quanto" feature. In addition, changes in the relevant exchange rate may indirectly influence the 
price of the Reference Item(s) which, in turn, could have a negative effect on the return on the 
N&C Securities. 
Investment in Dual Currency N&C Securities may be negatively affected by changes in 
exchange rates and exchange controls 
With respect to an investment in Dual Currency N&C Securities that are denominated and/or 
payable in a Specified Currency, there will be significant risks associated with such an 
investment. The Issuer has no control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as 
economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for the applicable 
currencies. Moreover, if payments on Dual Currency N&C Securities are determined by 
reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the 
exchange rates between the applicable currencies will be magnified.  
Depreciation of the payment currency would result in a decrease in the equivalent yield of the 
Dual Currency N&C Securities, in the equivalent value of the principal generally, and in the 
equivalent market value of the Dual Currency N&C Securities. Governmental exchange controls 
could affect exchange rates and the availability of the payment currency on a required payment 
date. Even if there are no exchange controls, it is possible that the payment currency will not be 
available on a required payment date due to circumstances beyond the Issuer's control.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
 
15. 
Risks associated with taxation 
Taxation and Expenses  
Potential purchasers and sellers of N&C Securities should be aware that they may be required 
to pay stamp taxes or other documentary or transaction charges in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the United Kingdom or country where the N&C Securities are transferred and/or 
any assets are issued, located or delivered. N&C Securityholders are subject to the provisions 
of the Conditions and payment and/or delivery of any amount due in respect of the N&C 
Securities will be made subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. Potential purchasers should note that the N&C 
Securities will not have the benefit of a gross-up provision in respect of withholding taxes. N&C 
Securityholders will bear the risk of the imposition of any deduction or withholding with respect 
to payments made under the N&C Securities. 
U.S. withholding on dividend equivalent payments 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") imposes a 30 per cent 
withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" 
under certain financial instruments that directly or indirectly reference shares of U.S. 
corporations and if certain conditions are met. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines 
that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay 
any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should refer 
to the section "Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding".  
16. 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of the Issuer, the Group, the Calculation Agent 
and the Dealer and the discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent  
Role of Santander UK 
Santander UK is acting in a number of capacities (e.g. Calculation Agent, Issuer and Dealer) in 
connection with the transactions described in this Base Prospectus. Santander UK, acting in 
such capacities in connection with such transactions, shall have only the duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in its relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its 
acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to 
hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect to each such capacity. 
Santander UK, in its various capacities in connection with the contemplated transactions, may 
enter into business dealings, including the acquisition of investment securities as contemplated 
by its constitutional and other corporate documents, from which it may derive revenues and 
profits in addition to the fees, if any, stated in its constitutional and other corporate documents, 
without any duty to account therefor. 
In the ordinary course of its business, including without limitation in connection with its market 
making activities, Santander UK and/or any of its affiliates may effect transactions for its own 
account or for the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in any Reference 
Item(s) or related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of any N&C 
Securities, Santander UK and/or any its affiliates may enter into one or more hedging 
transactions with respect to any Reference Item(s) or related derivatives. Such hedging or 
market-making activities or proprietary or other trading activities by Santander UK and/or any 
its affiliates may enter into transactions in any Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the relevant N&C Securities and which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the relevant N&C Securityholders. 
There is no limitation or restriction on Santander UK, or any of its respective Affiliates, with 
regard to acting as adviser (or in a similar role) to other parties or persons. This and other future 
activities of Santander UK and/or its Affiliates may give rise to additional potential conflicts of 
interest. 
Santander UK in its capacity as Issuer and Dealer may at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, 
be in possession of information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may be material in the 
context of the N&C Securities and may or may not be publicly available to N&C

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
 
Securityholders. There is no obligation on Santander UK or any Dealer to disclose to N&C 
Securityholders any such information. 
There may be potential conflicts of interests if intermediaries are appointed in connection 
with the offer or placement of the N&C Securities 
Given that the intermediaries appointed from time to time as distributors and the other entities 
acting in connection with the offer or placement of the N&C Securities act in their institutional 
capacity pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and receive fees on the basis of the 
placement activity carried out and its outcome, such intermediaries generally act in a situation 
that may give rise to a potential conflict of interest.  
Investors in N&C Securities through an intermediary (including by way of introducing broker) 
should be aware that the existence of commissions that may be payable to such intermediary in 
respect of the N&C Securities to the extent permitted by applicable law may give rise to conflicts 
of interest, as an intermediary may be interested in selling to its customers primarily N&C 
Securities where it receives the highest commissions. Investors should request details of any 
such commission or fee payment from such intermediary and any potential conflicts of interest 
before making any purchase of N&C Securities.  
Calculation Agent's discretion 
The Calculation Agent (which may be Santander UK or an affiliate of Santander UK) has a very 
broad discretionary authority to make various determinations and adjustments under the N&C 
Securities, any of which may have an adverse effect on the value and/or the amounts payable 
under the N&C Securities. For example, the Calculation Agent has a broad discretion to, without 
limitation, (i) determine whether a Disrupted Day, Index Adjustment Event, Potential 
Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event and/or any other event and/or matters so specified in 
the Conditions has occurred, (ii) determine any resulting adjustments and calculations as 
described in the Conditions and (iii) make determinations in respect of any other matters as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective purchasers should be aware that any 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial 
return of the N&C Securities. Any such discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by, the 
Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest error) shall be binding on the Issuer and all 
holders of the N&C Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any scheduled valuation date (including an averaging 
date) (i) falls on a day which is not a Scheduled Trading Day or any other day which is subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant N&C Securities and/or 
(ii) falls on a day in respect of which a disruption or similar event has occurred and is continuing 
in respect of the Reference Item which affects the valuation of such Reference Item, the 
Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make any consequential postponement of, or any 
alternative provisions for, valuation of such Reference Item provided in the terms and conditions 
of the N&C Securities, including a determination of the value of such Reference Item by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, each of which may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the N&C Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
Description of the Issuer 
47 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background 
Santander UK plc (the "Issuer") was formed as a building society in 1944 under the name Abbey 
National Building Society and is now a public limited liability company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales under the Companies Act 1985. It was incorporated on 12 September 1988 with 
registered number 2294747. 
The principal executive office and registered office of Santander UK plc is at 2 Triton Square, Regent’s 
Place, London, NW1 3AN. The telephone number of Santander UK is +44 (0) 870 607 6000. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Santander UK plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of Santander UK 
plc, which is a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. and its subsidiary Santusa Holding, S.L. together 
hold the entire issued share capital of Santander UK Group Holdings plc. Banco Santander, S.A. is a 
publicly listed company and is listed, among other markets, on the Bolsa de Madrid (Madrid Stock 
Exchange) which is the regulated market in Spain. 
Corporate Purpose 
The Group’s purpose is to be the best bank for customers, shareholders, people and communities by 
acting responsibly. 
Business and Support Divisions 
The Group, headed by Nathan Bostock, Chief Executive Officer, operates four business divisions as 
follows: 
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking offers a wide range of products and financial services to individuals and small businesses 
through a network of branches and ATMs, as well as through telephony, digital, mobile and intermediary 
channels. Retail Banking includes businesses banking customers, small businesses with an annual 
turnover of up to £6.5 million and Santander Consumer Finance, predominantly a vehicle finance 
business. 
Corporate & Commercial Banking 
Corporate & Commercial Banking covers multi-sector businesses with an annual turnover typically 
between £6.5 million and £500 million. It offers a wide range of financial services and solutions provided 
by relationship teams and product specialists based across the UK and through telephony and digital 
channels.  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking services corporate clients with an annual turnover of £500 million and 
above. Corporate & Investment Banking clients require specially-tailored services and value-added 
services due to their size, complexity and sophistication. Corporate & Investment Banking provides these 
clients with products to manage currency fluctuations, protect against interest rate risk, and arrange 
capital markets finance and specialist trade finance solutions as well as providing support for the rest of 
Santander UK's business segments.  
Corporate Centre 
Corporate Centre mainly includes the treasury, non-core corporate and legacy portfolios. Corporate 
Centre is also responsible for managing capital and funding, balance sheet composition, structure, 
pension and strategic liquidity risk. To enable a more targeted and strategically aligned apportionment 
of capital and other resources, revenues and costs incurred in Corporate Centre are allocated to the three 
business segments above. The non-core corporate and treasury legacy portfolios are being run-down 
and/or managed for value.

--- Page 54 ---
Description of the Issuer 
48 
 
Directors of Santander UK plc 
The following table sets forth the directors of Santander UK plc. 
Position 
Name 
Other principal appointments 
Chair 
William Vereker 
Chair of Santander UK Group Holdings plc 
Executive 
Director 
and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Nathan Bostock 
Chief Executive Officer of Santander UK Group 
Holdings plc 
Member of the Financial Services Trade and 
Investment Board 
Executive Director 
Head of Retail and Business 
Banking 
Susan Allen 
Director of Cater Allen Limited 
Director of UK Finance Limited 
Chief Financial Officer and 
Executive Director 
Madhukar (Duke) Dayal 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director 
of Santander UK Group Holdings plc 
Banco 
Santander- 
nominated 
Non-Executive 
Director 
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 
Non-Executive Director of Santander UK Group 
Holdings plc 
Vice Chairman and Lead Independent Director 
of Banco Santander SA 
Chairman, Lloyd's of London 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
Garrett Curran 
Director of Les Trois Rocs SA 
Senior Adviser to Quant Insight and Cambridge 
Machines Asset Management 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
Annemarie Durbin 
Independent Non-Executive Director of 
Santander UK Group Holdings plc 
Non-Executive Director of WH Smith PLC 
Chair of Cater Allen Limited 
Chair of Merryk & Co EMEA 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
Ed Giera 
Independent Non-Executive Director of 
Santander UK Group Holdings plc 
Non-Executive Director of Renshaw Bay Real 
Estate Finance Fund 
Independent- Non-
Executive Director 
Chris Jones 
Independent Non-Executive Director of 
Santander UK Group Holdings plc 
Audit and Risk Committee member of the 
Wellcome Trust 
Non-Executive Director of Redburn (Europe) 
Limited 
Board Member of the Audit Committee Chair's 
Independent Forum 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
Genevieve Shore 
Independent Non-Executive Director of Rugby 
Football Union 
Banco Santander- 
nominated Non-Executive 
Director 
Ana Botín 
Non-Executive Director of Santander UK Group 
Holdings plc 
Executive Chair and Director of Banco 
Santander SA 
Non-Executive Director of The Coca-Cola 
Company 
Vice-Chair the Empresa y Crecimiento 
Foundation 
Vice-Chair of the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development 
Member of MIT’s CEO Advisory Board

--- Page 55 ---
Description of the Issuer 
49 
 
Position 
Name 
Other principal appointments 
Banco Santander-nominated 
Non-Executive Director 
Dirk Marzluf 
Chairman of Santander Global Operations SA 
and Santander Global Technology SL 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
William Vereker 
Senior Adviser to JP Morgan 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 2 Triton Square, Regent's Place, London NW1 3AN with 
telephone number +44 (0) 870 607 6000. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons listed under 
"Directors of Santander UK plc" above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Credit Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term obligations of Santander UK are rated A by S&P, 
Aa3 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch, and the short-term obligations of Santander UK are rated A-1 by S&P, 
P-1 by Moody's and F1 by Fitch.

--- Page 56 ---
Description of the Issuer 
50 
 
REGULATION OF THE GROUP 
As a financial services group, Santander UK is subject to extensive financial services laws, regulations, 
administrative actions and policies in the UK, the EU and in each other location in which Santander UK 
operates. This intensive approach to supervision is maintained in the United Kingdom by the PRA and 
the FCA. As well as being subject to UK regulation, as part of the Banco Santander Group, Santander 
UK is also affected by other regulators, such as the Banco de España and the ECB, as well as various 
legal and regulatory regimes (including the U.S.) that have extra-territorial effect. Extensive legislation 
and implementing regulations affecting the financial services industry have recently been adopted in 
regions that directly or indirectly affect Santander UK’s business, including Spain, the U.S., the EU and 
other jurisdictions.  
Approach of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 
As set out in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (amended by the Financial Services Act 2012), 
the FCA has a strategic objective to ensure that the relevant markets function well. In support of this, the 
FCA has three operational objectives: to secure an appropriate degree of protection for consumers; to 
protect and enhance the integrity of the UK financial system and to promote effective competition in the 
interests of consumers.  
The FCA Handbook sets out rules and guidance across a range of conduct issues with which financial 
institutions are required to comply including high level principles of business and detailed conduct of 
business standards and reporting standards.  
Regulatory Approach of the PRA 
As set out in the Financial Services Act 2012, the PRA has two statutory objectives: to promote the safety 
and soundness of the firms which it supervises and, with respect to insurers, to contribute to the securing 
of an appropriate degree of protection for policyholders. The PRA has a secondary objective in respect 
of competition. The PRA’s regulatory and supervisory approach incorporates three key characteristics: 
to take a judgement-based approach, a forward-looking approach, and a focused-approach.  
The PRA has largely inherited the prudential aspects of the former FSA Handbook (now within the PRA 
Rulebook), including regulations and guidance relating to capital adequacy and liquidity among several 
other things.  
U.S. regulation 
Within the Dodd-Frank Act, the so-called Volcker Rule prohibits 'banking entities', including the Group, 
from engaging in certain forms of proprietary trading or from sponsoring or investing in certain covered 
funds, in each case subject to certain exemptions, including exemptions permitting foreign banking 
entities to engage in trading and fund activities that take place solely outside of the U.S. The final rules 
contain exclusions and certain exemptions for market-making, hedging, underwriting, trading in U.S. 
government and agency obligations as well as certain foreign government obligations, trading solely 
outside the U.S., and also permit ownership interests in certain types of funds to be retained. The Group 
was generally required to come into compliance with the Volcker Rule by July 2015. In August 2019, 
the Federal Reserve and other federal regulators approved certain modifications to the Volcker Rule 
which included modifications to the scope of restrictions on proprietary trading and investments in 
covered funds which generally operated to simplify and reduce compliance requirements. The effective 
date of these amendments was 1 January 2020 with compliance required by 1 January 2021. These 
regulators proposed further amendments to the Volcker Rule’s covered funds provisions on 30 January 
2020, which would, if adopted, provide important new exclusions from the definition of covered fund 
and flexibility for banking entities to engage in funds activities. The proposal is currently open for 
comment, and the timeline for finalisation remains uncertain.  
The Banking Act 2009 
The special resolution regime set out in the Banking Act provides HM Treasury, the BoE, the PRA and 
the FCA with a variety of powers for dealing with UK deposit taking institutions (and, in certain 
circumstances, their holding companies) that are failing or likely to fail, including: (i) to take a bank or 
bank holding company into temporary public ownership; (ii) to transfer all or part of the business of a 
bank to a private sector purchaser; or (iii) to transfer all or part of the business of a bank to a ‘bridge

--- Page 57 ---
Description of the Issuer 
51 
 
bank’. The special resolution regime also comprises a separate insolvency procedure and administration 
procedure each of which is of specific application to banks. These insolvency and administration 
measures may be invoked prior to the point at which an application for insolvency proceedings with 
respect to a relevant institution could be made.  
The Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013 further amended the Banking Act to introduce a UK 
'bail-in power' to implement the BRRD, which contains a bail-in power similar to that contained in the 
Banking Act and requires EU Member States to provide resolution authorities with the power to write 
down the claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert unsecured claims to equity 
(subject to certain parameters). The UK bail-in power is an additional power available to the UK 
resolution authorities under the special resolution regime provided for in the Banking Act. This enables 
them to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses to such institution’s shareholders and 
unsecured creditors, subject to the rights of such shareholders and unsecured creditors to be compensated 
under a bail-in compensation order.  
Competition 
In the UK and elsewhere, there is continuing political, competitive and regulatory scrutiny of the banking 
industry. Political involvement in the regulatory process, in the behaviour and governance of the UK 
banking sector and in the major financial institutions in which the UK Government has a direct financial 
interest is likely to continue. The CMA is the UK’s main competition authority responsible for ensuring 
that competition and markets work well for consumers. In addition, under the Banking Reform Act, as 
of 1 April 2015, the FCA has the power to enforce against breaches of the Competition Act 1998 and to 
refer markets to the CMA for in-depth investigation in the areas of financial services in the UK. As of 1 
April 2015, the PSR also has an objective and powers equivalent to those of the FCA to promote 
competition in the payments industry.  
In August 2016, the CMA published the final report in its market investigation into competition in the 
personal current account and SME retail banking markets, which identified a number of features of the 
markets for the supply of personal current accounts, business current accounts and SME lending that, in 
combination, were having an adverse effect on competition. The CMA is currently implementing a 
comprehensive package of remedies including, among other things, Open Banking and the introduction 
of requirements to prompt customers to review the services that they receive from their bank at certain 
trigger points and to promote customer awareness of account switching.  
Payments 
Santander UK has been required to make systems changes and update processes to comply with a number 
of new payments regulations at a European as well as domestic UK Level. Within the UK, the Payment 
Systems Regulator has mandated Santander UK build systems and processes for both Confirmation of 
Payee as well as the Contingent Reimbursement Model Code which both aim to reduce the level of 
customer fraud (particularly through the Group's customer’s manipulation into making payments known 
as "Authorised Push Payment" fraud).  
At a European level, the PSD2 is a fundamental piece of payments-related legislation in Europe, the first 
part of which came into force in January 2018. The regulation aims to harmonise payment processing 
across Europe, and is being implemented in the UK by the FCA.  
In the UK, PSD2 introduced Open Banking, which opened up access to customers’ online account and 
payments data to TPPs. Customers are able to give secure access to certain TPPs authorised by the FCA 
or other European regulators to access account information and to make payments from current accounts. 
Following the CMA’s retail banking market investigation, the CMA-9 were required to accelerate certain 
of the PSD2 requirements and implement Open Banking by 13 January 2018.  
The access method for customer accounts by TPPs is via an established Application Programme Interface 
("API") and, as one of the CMA-9, Santander UK has been required to undertake significant technical 
build to create these APIs and extend them to all categories of customers, account types and currencies.  
Open Banking and PSD2 both have the potential to exacerbate a number of existing risks including data 
loss/data protection, cyber security, fraud and wider financial crime risk, which in turn could give rise to 
increased costs, litigation risk and risk of regulatory investigation and enforcement activity. Examples of

--- Page 58 ---
Description of the Issuer 
52 
 
the heightened risk include the risk of fraud relating to activities of a TPP pursuant to which funds are 
redirected to a third party not chosen by the customer; and the risk of data misuse by a TPP/other third 
party where the TPP has requested the data from Santander UK and this is provided to the TPP.  
Financial Crime 
On 30 May 2018, the Council of EU and the European Parliament amended the Fourth Anti-Money 
Laundering Directive (the "Directive"), publishing the amending Directive (EU) No 2018 / 843 ("5th 
AMLD").  
The 5th AMLD brought in increased corporate transparency rules, introduced the application of AML 
rules to firms providing services associated with virtual currencies and further extended enhanced due 
diligence requirements to all transactions with natural persons or legal entities established in third 
countries identified as high-risk countries ("HRTCs") pursuant to Article 9(2) of the Directive.  
Shortly after, the UK Government confirmed their intention to implement the 5th AMLD into UK law 
by the EU’s transposition deadline of 10th January 2020, despite transposition falling within the then 
expected Brexit transition period. The intention to transpose the Directive was carried out successfully 
on 20th December 2019, and the Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Amendment) Regulations 
2019 ("The Regulations") came into effect on 10th January 2020.  
The Regulations:  
• 
introduce a requirement to report beneficial ownership discrepancies to Companies House;  
• 
extend Extensive Due-Dilligence ("EDD") measures in respect of customers resident in a High-
Risk Third Country; and  
• 
treat new types of transactions, such as those related to cultural artefacts or items of 
archaeological, historical, cultural or religious significance, as potentially high risk.  
To ensure regulatory continuity post-Brexit, the UK Sanctions and AML Act received Royal Assent on 
23 May 2018. The Act enables the UK to continue to implement United Nations sanctions regimes 
following Brexit. The Act also gives the UK the ability to impose its own sanctions regime which is 
likely to follow the approach of the EU but could deviate in some areas. Separately, the Money 
Laundering and Transfer of Funds (Information) (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 will ensure 
that the UK’s current AML Regime continues to operate effectively even though the UK ceased to be a 
member of the EU.  
The UK will continue to follow EU legislation during the implementation period, which is due to end on 
31 December 2020, and no immediate divergence is expected either on sanctions or the AML/CTF 
regime after this date.  
As regards sanctions, the current U.S. administration continues to apply these regularly against 
individuals, entities and countries. The re-introduction of primary and secondary sanctions against Iran 
occurred in November 2018, following the U.S. withdrawal from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action. Sanctions against Iran have since then increased further and are now targeting construction, 
manufacturing, textiles and mining. In light of Iran’s recent announcement that it would no longer abide 
by the nuclear deal with the EU, the EU too could consider reintroducing sanctions against Iran, although 
this has not crystallised.  
The banking sector continues to be subject to the Suspicious Activity Reporting ("SAR") regime laid out 
in the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002. The regime is one of the key tools to inform law enforcement agencies 
and the National Crime Agencies of suspicious (potentially money laundering) activity. In 2018, the UK 
Government asked the Law Commission to conduct a review of the legislation underpinning the regime. 
The review was completed in July 2019 and concluded that the breadth of the legal framework, including 
the pressure to submit SARs that is driven by individual criminal liability for failing to submit one when 
‘suspicious’, means that SARs regime suffers from very large SARs volumes.  
The UK’s SARs Reform Programme, which operates within the confines of the Government’s Economic 
Crime Plan 2019-2022, is exploring how banks could, together with government, target their joint efforts 
to produce and act quickly on higher value intelligence, thereby acting on some of the Law Commission’s 
findings.

--- Page 59 ---
Description of the Issuer 
53 
 
Separately, the UK Parliament’s Treasury Select Committee concluded its inquiry, launched in 2018, 
into Economic Crime, with the report published in two parts, the first part in March and the second part 
in November 2019. The first part commented primarily on the fragmented approach to AML supervision 
in the UK, while the second part focused on the changes required to make banking safer for consumers 
from a fraud perspective. Both issues will be considered through the public-private work on the 
Government’s Economic Crime Plan 2019-2022 which is looking holistically at the UK and international 
anti-economic crime efforts.

--- Page 60 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
54 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
All references to "ANTS" in this section are to Abbey National Treasury Services plc, one of the issuers 
in the previous Base Prospectuses relating to this Programme and referred to below. ANTS have now 
been removed as the Issuer under this Programme for future issuances.  
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland or filed with another competent 
authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus (save as provided below):  
Financial statements 
(1) 
the unaudited consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the nine months ended 30 
September 2020, which appears on page 13 of the Quarterly Management Statement of 
Santander UK Group Holdings plc for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 (the 
"September 
2020 
Quarterly 
Management 
Statement") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-public/documents/santander_uk_qms_q320.pdf); 
(2) 
the unaudited interim financial report of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the 
"2020 Half Yearly Report") (available at: https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/santander_uk_plc_2020_hy_financial_report_0.pdf); 
(3) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019, which appear on pages 151 to 233 (inclusive) (the "2019 Audited Financial 
Statements") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/santander_uk_plc_2019_annual_report.pdf); 
(4) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018, which appear on pages 127 to 214 (inclusive) (the "2018 Audited Financial 
Statements") (available at:  
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/2018_annual_report_santander_uk_plc-v2.pdf); and  
(5) 
the glossary relating to the 2019 Audited Financial Statements and the 2018 Audited Financial 
Statements (available at:  
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/santander_uk_2019_glossary_v2.pdf); 
Terms and Conditions  
(6) 
the Conditions set out on pages 57 to 134 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2019 relating 
to Santander UK plc's Notes and Certificates programme ( the "2019 Base Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/santander_uk_2019_base_prospectus_december_2019.pdf); and 
(7) 
the Form of Final Terms for Non Exempt N&C Securities set out on pages 134 to 166 of the 
2019 
Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at: 
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-
public/documents/santander_uk_2019_base_prospectus_december_2019.pdf). 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a subsequent statement which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein or contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), provided, 
however, that such statement shall only form part of the Base Prospectus to the extent that it is contained 
in a document, all or the relevant portion of which is incorporated by reference by way of a supplement

--- Page 61 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
55 
 
produced in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, listed at (1) to (7) above will 
be available for inspection free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and 
public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any N&C 
Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of N&C Securities.

--- Page 62 ---
General Description of the Programme 
56 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of N&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that N&C 
Securities may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which 
event, other than where N&C Securities are Exempt N&C Securities, a new Prospectus or a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such N&C Securities. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the N&C Securities" and the "Terms and Conditions of the 
N&C Securities" shall have the same meanings in this General Description.  
Issuer  
Santander UK plc ("Santander UK" and the "Issuer") may from time to time under the Programme 
issue notes ("Notes"), redeemable certificates ("Certificates" and together with the Notes, the "N&C 
Securities").  
Programme Authorisation  
The Programme and the issue of N&C Securities had been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Santander UK dated 21 April 2017 and a funding and programme approval and 
authorisation in respect of Santander UK given by a Committee of the Board of Santander UK dated 30 
November 2020.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
N&C Securities may be: 
(a) 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin; 
(b) 
listed on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange; 
(c) 
listed or admitted, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to each Series; or 
(d) 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market. 
The applicable Issue Terms will state whether or not the relevant N&C Securities are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
The listing of N&C Securities on the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal 
amount (excluding accrued interest) in the case of N&C Securities. It is expected that each Tranche of 
N&C Securities which is to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Financial 
Conduct Authority and to trading on Euronext Dublin's or the London Stock Exchange's regulated market 
will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global N&C Security or 
N&C Securities initially representing the N&C Securities of such Tranche. Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for N&C Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and for such N&C Securities to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market. 
Application will be made to the Financial Conduct Authority for N&C Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and to the London 
Stock Exchange for such N&C Securities to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's 
regulated market. The listing on Euronext Dublin of the Programme in respect of N&C Securities is 
expected to be granted on or around 2 December 2020.

--- Page 63 ---
General Description of the Programme 
57 
 
Passporting 
In accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may request that the Central 
Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority of the United Kingdom, the Financial Conduct 
Authority, with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus of the Issuer has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Types of N&C Securities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the N&C Securities that may be 
issued under the Programme may be N&C Securities where the interest payment, the redemption amount 
or amount to be paid on settlement is linked to: 
(a) 
an equity index or a basket of equity indices ("Equity Index Linked N&C Securities"); 
(b) 
an inflation index or a basket of inflation indices ("Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities"); 
or 
(c) 
any combination of any of the above ("Cross-Asset Linked N&C Securities"). 
Investors must review the Payout Annex together with the relevant Issue Terms to ascertain how 
the performance of the Reference Item(s) will affect the amount(s) payable on the N&C Securities. 
In the case of N&C Securities, unless the relevant N&C Securities are Exempt N&C Securities, the N&C 
Securities may be redeemed at par or may be Variable Redemption N&C Securities and, if the N&C 
Securities are interest bearing, may be Fixed Rate N&C Securities, Floating Rate N&C Securities, Zero 
Coupon N&C Securities, Partial Redemption N&C Securities or Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities. 
Settlement 
Settlement of the N&C Securities will be by way of cash payment.  
Prospective investors must review the Payout Annex for Non-Exempt N&C Securities together 
with the applicable Final Terms to ascertain what the Reference Items are and the Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms to see how the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, and any periodic interest payments are determined and when such 
amounts are payable, before making any decision to purchase any N&C Securities. 
Distribution 
N&C Securities may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any N&C Securities or distribution of any offering material 
relating to any N&C Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any 
obligation on the Issuer. 
As a result of the restrictions set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Subscription and 
Sale", purchasers of N&C Securities are advised to consult legal or other expert advisors prior to making 
any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such N&C Securities.  
Form of N&C Securities 
N&C Securities may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer N&C Securities") or immobilised bearer form 
("Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities"). 
The N&C Securities of each Series will initially be represented by a global security in bearer form. 
Bearer N&C Securities will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S.  
Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities will be issued through Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity 
as Book-Entry Depositary pursuant to an N&C Securities Depositary Agreement dated on or about the

--- Page 64 ---
General Description of the Programme 
58 
 
date of this Base Prospectus and may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. Person, as described in "Form of the N&C Securities". 
CREST Depository Interests 
If CREST Depository Instruments ("CREST Depository Instruments") are specified in the Issue 
Terms, investors may hold indirect interests in the N&C Securities (such N&C Securities being 
"Underlying N&C Securities") through CREST (being the system for the paperless settlement of trades 
and the holding of uncertificated securities operated by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any successor 
thereto in accordance with the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, as amended) 
by holding dematerialised depository interests ("CREST Depository Interests").  
CREST Depository Interests are independent securities constituted under English law issued, held, 
settled and transferred through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) 
("CREST"). CREST Depository Interests are issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor 
thereto (the "CREST Depository") pursuant to the CREST Global Deed Poll dated 25 June 2001 (as 
amended) (the "CREST Deed Poll") (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International 
Manual (January 2018) (the "CREST International Manual") which forms part of the document 
entitled 'CREST Manual' issued by CREST (the "CREST Manual").  
CREST Depository Interests represent indirect interests in the Underlying N&C Securities to which they 
relate and holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying N&C 
Securities. Holders of CREST Depository Instruments will not be entitled to deal directly in the N&C 
Securities and, accordingly, all dealings in the N&C Securities will be effected through CREST in 
relation to the holding of CREST Depository Interests. 
The Underlying N&C Securities (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing indirect 
interests in such Underlying N&C Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian 
will hold the Underlying N&C Securities through the relevant Clearance System. Rights in the 
Underlying N&C Securities will be held through custodial and depositary links through the relevant 
Clearance System. The legal title to the Underlying N&C Securities or to interests in the Underlying 
N&C Securities will depend on the rules of the relevant Clearance System in or through which the 
Underlying N&C Securities are held.  
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee in accordance 
with the CREST Deed Poll (the "CREST Nominee") will hold the legal title to the Underlying N&C 
Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities. This could result 
in a holder of CREST Depository Interests receiving less than, or none of, the full amount payable in 
respect of the Underlying N&C Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of any relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying N&C Securities held in clearing systems are not held 
in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of 
other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
The rights of the holders of CREST Depository Interests in respect of their indirect interests in the 
relevant N&C Securities will be governed by the arrangements between CREST and Euroclear Bank 
S.A., Euroclear Bank N.V. and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant N&C Securities in which the Underlying N&C 
Securities are held, including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights 
are different from those of holders of N&C Securities which are not represented by CREST Depository 
Interests. 
CREST Depository Interests are further described in the section entitled "Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
and Settlement". 
Governing Law 
The N&C Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the N&C 
Securities will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 65 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
59 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE N&C SECURITIES 
The following general terms and conditions (the "N&C Security Conditions"), together with the 
Annex(es) (if applicable), are the terms and conditions (collectively, the "Conditions") of the N&C 
Securities which will be incorporated by reference into each Global N&C Security (as defined below) 
and each definitive N&C Security, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the Dealer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive N&C Security will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt N&C 
Securities (as defined below) will complete and supplement the Conditions in relation to each such 
Tranche of N&C Securities and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, together with the Annex(es) (if applicable), 
replace or modify the following Conditions for the purpose of such N&C Securities. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) or the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global N&C Security and definitive N&C 
Security. In the case of Non-Exempt N&C Securities (as defined below), reference should be made to the 
"applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of the applicable Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant N&C Securities. References in these 
Conditions to "Final Terms" or "Pricing Supplement" shall mean a tranche of N&C Securities issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and references to "Issue Terms" shall mean either (i) in respect of Non-
Exempt N&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in respect of Exempt N&C Securities, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, and should be construed accordingly. 
The security is one of a Series (as defined below) of securities (such securities, "N&C Securities") issued 
by Santander UK plc (the "Issuer", which expression shall include any substitute pursuant to N&C 
Security Condition 14 (Substitution) below) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). N&C 
Securities will be either in the form of notes ("Notes") or redeemable certificates ("Certificates"), as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and references in these Terms and Conditions to "N&C 
Security", "N&C Securities", "Note", "Notes", "Certificate" or "Certificates" will be construed 
accordingly.  
References herein to the "N&C Securities" shall be references to the N&C Security of this Series and 
shall mean: 
1. 
in relation to any N&C Security(ies) represented by a global N&C Security in bearer form (a 
"Global N&C Security" (which includes any Bearer Global N&C Security and any 
Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security (as defined below)): 
(a) 
in the case of N&C Securities issued by nominal amount, units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency of the applicable N&C Securities, each as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of N&C Securities issued by unit, each unit of applicable N&C Securities; 
2. 
any Global N&C Security; 
3. 
any certificated depositary interests (in the case of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
(as defined below) to be settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) ("CDIs" 
(as further defined in N&C Security Condition 1.6 below)); 
4. 
any Book Entry Interest (as defined in N&C Security Condition 1.6); 
5. 
any definitive N&C Securities in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer N&C Securities") issued in 
exchange for a Bearer Global N&C Security; and 
6. 
any definitive N&C Securities in registered (or inscribed) form ("Definitive Registered N&C 
Securities"). 
The N&C Securities, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the 
benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or about 3 December 2019 (such agency 
agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as principal paying agent (the

--- Page 66 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
60 
 
"Principal Paying Agent" and transfer agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
agent acting in such capacities), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar", 
which expression shall include any additional or successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc as paying 
agent (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents" which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents) and as transfer agent (together with the Principal Paying Agent 
in its capacity as transfer agent, the "Transfer Agents", and each, a "Transfer Agent", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent are together referred to as the "Agents". 
References to "Calculation Agent" are to the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any successor in such capacity. 
The issue terms for the N&C Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities) attached to or endorsed on 
this N&C Security which supplement these General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities (the 
"Conditions", which term shall include one or more Annex(es) in the form annexed hereto (each an 
"Annex") if specified as applicable herein and/or in such Issue Terms) and, if the N&C Security is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the UK nor offered in the 
European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Security"), may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this N&C Security. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended. Any references to a "Non-Exempt N&C Security" are to a 
N&C Security that is not an Exempt Security. References to the "applicable Issue Terms", "applicable 
Final Terms" or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as the case may be, are, unless otherwise stated, to 
Part A of the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as appropriate, (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this N&C Security. Interest bearing Definitive Bearer N&C Securities have 
interest coupons ("Coupons") and in the case of N&C Securities which, when issued in definitive form, 
have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. 
Any reference in these Conditions to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer N&C Securities repayable in 
instalments (which N&C Securities may only be Exempt N&C Securities and/or Partial Redemption 
N&C Securities) have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than 
the final instalment) attached on issue. Definitive Registered N&C Securities and Global N&C Securities 
do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to "N&C Securityholders" or "holders" in relation to any N&C Securities shall mean the 
holders of the relevant N&C Security, as applicable, and shall, in relation to any N&C Securities 
represented by a Global N&C Security, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
"Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means N&C Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of N&C Securities together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of N&C Securities which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a 
single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in 
all respects save for the issue price and date of issue thereof, the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The N&C Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the "Deed of Covenant") dated 3 December 2019 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined 
herein). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Deed of Covenant) are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the N&C 
Securities are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin") or the London Stock Exchange plc the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin or the London Stock Exchange plc, as

--- Page 67 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
61 
 
applicable (in the case of the London Stock Exchange plc through a regulatory information service). If 
an N&C Security is not so listed but is not an Exempt N&C Security the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). If an N&C Security is an Exempt Security, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more N&C 
Securities and such N&C Securityholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such N&C Securities and identity. The N&C Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Issue Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In the case of any inconsistency between 
any Annex(es) specified as applicable herein and/or in the applicable Issue Terms and other parts of these 
Conditions, the provisions of the applicable Annex(es) shall prevail unless otherwise specified herein. In 
the case of any inconsistency between the applicable Issue Terms and the Conditions, the applicable 
Issue Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
FORM 
Other than in the case of Book-Entry Interests, CDIs and Definitive Registered N&C Securities, 
the N&C Securities will be issued in bearer form in the currency (the "Specified Currency") 
and denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or (if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) in security units, and, in the case of Definitive 
Bearer N&C Securities and Definitive Registered N&C Securities, serially numbered. N&C 
Securities of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for N&C Securities of another 
Specified Denomination. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the N&C 
Securities will be issued in classic global note ("CGN") form. 
Each Tranche of N&C Securities in bearer form will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global security (a "Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security") or, if so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a permanent global security (a "Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security, a "Bearer Global 
N&C Security") which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global N&C Securities are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as stated in the applicable Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); 
or 
(b) 
if the Global N&C Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in N&C Securities issued as bearer securities in immobilised form ("Immobilised 
Bearer N&C Securities") of certain issues that may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, 
traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will initially be represented by a global 
security in bearer form (a "Permanently Restricted Global N&C Security" or a "Immobilised 
Bearer Global N&C Security").  
The Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities will initially be issued in bearer form, without 
interest coupons, and title thereto will pass by delivery. If any N&C Securities are issued as 
Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities, then the entire Series of which they form part will 
be issued as Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities. Pursuant to an amended and restated 
securities depositary agreement (such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or

--- Page 68 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
62 
 
restated from time to time, the "N&C Securities Depositary Agreement") dated on or around 
3 December 2019 between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch (the "Book-Entry 
Depositary"), Citibank N.A., London Branch (the "Custodian") and Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG (the "Registrar"), the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities of each Series 
will on issue be deposited with the Book-Entry Depositary. Pursuant to the terms of the N&C 
Securities Depositary Agreement, the Book-Entry Depositary will hold any Immobilised Bearer 
Global N&C Security for the holders of the CDIs and owners of the Book-Entry Interests as 
bare trustee and the owners of the Book-Entry Interests will accordingly be tenants in common 
in respect of the CDIs to the extent of the Book-Entry Interests in respect of which they are 
owners. The Book-Entry Depositary shall have only those rights, discretions, duties, obligations 
and responsibilities expressly specified in the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement and the 
Conditions and, other than holding any Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security as bare 
trustee, as aforesaid, does not assume any relationship of trust for or with the owners of the 
Book-Entry Interests or any other person. In particular, the Book-Entry Depositary may not 
extinguish, cancel or otherwise terminate this arrangement other than pursuant to the terms of 
the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement and the Conditions. Holders of Book-Entry Interests 
are deemed to have notice of and shall be bound by the terms of the N&C Securities Depositary 
Agreement. 
1.2 
Interest and Redemption 
For any Non-Exempt N&C Security, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether such N&C 
Security is an Equity Index Linked Security, an Inflation Index Linked Security, a Cross-Asset 
Linked N&C Security and/or a Partial Redemption N&C Security.  
For any Non-Exempt N&C Security, such N&C Security may be a Fixed Rate N&C Security, 
a Floating Rate N&C Security, a Zero Coupon N&C Security or any other type of Variable 
Interest Rate N&C Security specified in the Payout Annex depending upon the Coupon Payout 
extracted, included and completed in the applicable Final Terms and/or a Partial Redemption 
N&C Security, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. This N&C Security may be a non-interest bearing N&C 
Security, if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For any Non-Exempt N&C Security, such N&C Security may be also be a Variable Redemption 
N&C Security (as defined in the Payout Annex) depending upon the Redemption Payout 
extracted, included and completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable N&C Security is an Exempt Security, such N&C Security may be (i) a Fixed 
Rate N&C Security, (ii) a Floating Rate N&C Security, (iii) a non-interest bearing N&C 
Security, (iv) a Zero Coupon N&C Security, (v) a Dual Currency Interest Security, (vi) a 
Variable Interest Rate Security, or (vii) any one of (a) an Equity Index Linked Interest Security, 
(b) an Inflation Index Linked Interest N&C Security or (c) a Partial Redemption N&C Security, 
or any other type of interest bearing N&C Securities or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the applicable N&C Security is an Exempt Security, such N&C Security may also be 
designated in the applicable Pricing Supplement as (i) an Instalment Security, (ii) a Dual 
Currency Redemption Security, (iii) a Partly Paid Security, (iv) a Variable Redemption Security, 
or (v) any one of (a) an Equity Index Linked Redemption Security, (b) an Inflation Index Linked 
Redemption Security, or (c) any other type of redeemable N&C Securities or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
1.3 
Coupons attached 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities are issued with Coupons and, if applicable in the case of 
Exempt N&C Securities only, Receipts attached, unless they are Zero Coupon N&C Securities 
or non-interest bearing N&C Securities in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders 
in these Conditions are not applicable. For any Non-Exempt N&C Securities and for any Exempt 
N&C Securities, settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled N&C Securities").

--- Page 69 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
63 
 
1.4 
Title to Definitive Bearer and Definitive Registered N&C Securities 
Subject as set out below, title to the Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
will pass by delivery and title to the Definitive Registered N&C Securities will pass upon 
registration of transfers in the books of the relevant clearing system, which is kept by the 
Registrar, in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Definitive Bearer N&C Security, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Definitive 
Registered N&C Security as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global N&C Security, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
1.5 
Title to N&C Securities represented by a Bearer Global N&C Security 
For so long as any of the N&C Securities is represented by a Bearer Global N&C Security held 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount or number of units of 
such N&C Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount or number of units of such N&C Securities 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of 
such nominal amount or number of units of such N&C Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount or number of units 
of such N&C Securities, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global N&C 
Security shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount or number of units of such N&C Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global N&C Security and the expressions "N&C Securityholder" and "holder 
of N&C Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
N&C Securities which are represented by a Bearer Global N&C Security will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing 
system and/or any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable 
Issue Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities only, as may be otherwise approved by 
the Issuer, the Registrar and the Paying Agents (each a "Clearance System"). 
1.6 
Title to N&C Securities represented by an Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security 
In respect of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities to be settled through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ("Permanently Restricted Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities") 
which are deposited with the Book-Entry Depositary, the Book-Entry Depositary will issue 
registered certificated depositary interests ("CDIs") to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or its nominee, and will record the CDIs in the books and records of 
the Registrar in the name of the nominee of the common depositary. Ownership of interests in 
the Permanently Restricted Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities deposited with the Book-Entry 
Depositary (the "Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons with an account with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or persons who may hold interests through such 
participants. Book-Entry Interests will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be affected only 
through records maintained in book-entry form by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and their participants.

--- Page 70 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
64 
 
2. 
TRANSFER 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
Transfers of Book-Entry Interests will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, and in turn by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. 
A Book-Entry Interest will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for registered N&C Securities in definitive form or for a Book-Entry 
Interest in another N&C Security only in the authorised denominations (in the case of N&C 
Securities) or number of security units (in the case of Certificates) set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Pursuant to the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement, the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C 
Securities may be transferred only to a successor to the relevant Book-Entry Depositary. 
Unless and until Book-Entry Interests are exchanged for Definitive Registered N&C Securities, 
the CDIs held by the common depositary or its nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg may not be transferred except as a whole to a nominee or a successor approved by 
the Issuer. 
Book-Entry Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer and certification 
requirements and may bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
All transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or participants in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, pursuant to customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures 
established by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
Book-Entry Interests in an Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security may in certain 
circumstances be exchanged for Definitive Registered N&C Securities upon receipt by the 
Registrar of instructions from a Paying Agent. It is expected that such instructions of the Paying 
Agent will be based upon directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from the participant which owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Definitive 
Registered N&C Securities issued in exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will, except as 
otherwise determined by the Issuer in compliance with applicable law, be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer and certification requirements and may bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. 
2.2 
Transfers of Definitive Registered N&C Securities 
Subject as provided in N&C Security Conditions 2.4 (Costs of registration) and 2.5 (Transfers 
of interests in Book-Entry Interests) below, upon the terms and subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered N&C Security may be 
transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. In order to effect any such transfer: 
(A) 
the holder or holders must: 
 
surrender the Definitive Registered N&C Security for registration of the transfer 
of the Definitive Registered N&C Security (or the relevant part of the Definitive 
Registered Security) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and 
 
complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent; and

--- Page 71 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
65 
 
(B) 
the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the 
Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three (3) business days (being for the purposes of these 
Conditions a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or 
such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered N&C Security for the same 
aggregate nominal amount or number of units as the Definitive Registered N&C Security (or 
the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Security) transferred. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a Definitive Registered Security, a new Definitive Registered N&C Security in 
respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered N&C Security not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferor may request. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of N&C Securities under N&C Security Condition 6 
(Redemption And Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any 
Definitive Registered Security, or part of a Definitive Registered Security, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
N&C Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by normal uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Book-Entry Interests 
Transfers of Book-Entry Interests or of a beneficial interest in a Book-Entry Interest may not at 
any time be made to a transferee in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
Person will not be recognised. 
2.6 
Definitions 
In this N&C Security Condition 2, "United States" means the United States of America, 
including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES 
The N&C Securities and the related Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory provisions or judicial 
order) at least equally with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 72 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
66 
 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest Definitions 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the N&C Securities are Variable Interest Rate 
N&C Securities of a type specified in the Payout Annex, Fixed Rate N&C Securities, Floating 
Rate N&C Securities, Zero Coupon N&C Securities or any combination of the foregoing. In the 
case of Exempt N&C Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate the applicable 
interest basis. 
Where the N&C Securities are specified to be Fixed Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable 
in respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Fixed Rate N&C Securities) below and/or the relevant provisions of 
the Payout Annex. 
Where the N&C Securities are specified to be Floating Rate N&C Securities, the interest 
payable in respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities) below and/or the relevant provisions of the Payout Annex. 
Where the N&C Securities are Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable in 
respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities) below and/or the relevant provisions of the Payout Annex. 
Where the N&C Securities are specified to be Partial Redemption N&C Securities, the interest 
payable in respect of the N&C Securities will be calculated in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 4.9 (Partial Redemption N&C Securities) below and, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in accordance with Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and 
Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities) or Condition 4.4 (Interest on Exempt N&C Securities) 
below. 
Where the N&C Securities are Exempt N&C Securities which are not Fixed Rate N&C 
Securities or Floating Rate N&C Securities, the interest payable in respect of the N&C 
Securities, if any, will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.4 (Interest on Exempt N&C 
Securities) below. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this N&C Security Condition 4: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
 
in the case of N&C Securities where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined below) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year, assuming 
interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; or 
 
in the case of N&C Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that

--- Page 73 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
67 
 
would occur in one calendar year, assuming interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year; and 
 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year, assuming interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Actual/Actual", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period (as defined above) falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365F" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period, 
divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period, divided by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360 (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) up to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12-30 day 
months) divided by 360; 
(G) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the relevant Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 74 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
68 
 
(H) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(I) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1) + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day included in the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date).

--- Page 75 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
69 
 
4.2 
Interest on Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
This N&C Security Condition 4.2 applies to Fixed Rate N&C Securities only. The applicable 
Issue Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must 
be read in conjunction with this N&C Security Condition 4.2 and/or the relevant provisions of 
the Payout Annex for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed 
Rate N&C Securities. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will specify the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, 
the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day 
Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention and any applicable Determination Date. 
(a) 
If no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following provisions shall apply with respect to a Fixed Rate N&C Security: 
Each Fixed Rate N&C Security will bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date (which unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall be the Issue Date) at the rate(s) (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Fixed Rate N&C Security Interest Period. 
In these Conditions and for the purposes of Fixed Rate N&C Securities only, "Fixed 
Rate N&C Security Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day (as defined in N&C Security Condition 4.6 below), then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Unless Day Count Fraction is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities which are represented by a Global N&C 
Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate N&C 
Securities represented by such Global N&C Security or, if they are Partly Paid 
N&C Securities, the aggregate amount paid up; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate N&C Securities in definitive form held by each N&C 
Securityholder, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities held by such N&C Securityholder, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure in accordance with the Rounding Convention (as specified 
in N&C Security Condition 5 (Payments) below). Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate N&C Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate N&C Security shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation

--- Page 76 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
70 
 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(b) 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Rate 
N&C Security Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
4.3 
Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities 
This N&C Security Condition 4.3 applies to Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest 
Rate N&C Securities only. The applicable Issue Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of interest in respect of such N&C Securities and must be read in conjunction 
with this N&C Security Condition 4.3 and/or the relevant provisions of the Payout Annex for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate N&C Securities 
and Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will 
identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention and any Additional Business Centres. In 
respect of Floating Rate N&C Securities, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether ISDA 
Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Bank of England Base Rate Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if 
it is not the Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and 
the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Issue Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Issue Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, any Rate 
Multiplier, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. Where Bank of England 
Base Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Issue Terms will 
also specify the Designated Maturity, Interest Determination Date(s)) and Relevant Screen 
Page. In respect of Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities, the applicable Issue Terms will 
identify those items specified in the applicable paragraph of the Payout Annex. 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate N&C Security and Variable Interest Rate N&C Security will bear 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Issue Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day

--- Page 77 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
71 
 
which is not a Business Day (as defined in N&C Security Condition 4.6 below), then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with N&C 
Security Condition 4.3(A)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate N&C Securities 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Rate of 
Interest payable from time to time in respect of Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities 
will be determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of the Payout Annex as 
completed by the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be (x) the relevant ISDA Rate (y) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) the result of which 
will be (z) multiplied by the Rate Multiplier, if any, provided the Rate of Interest 
may not be less than zero. For the purposes of this sub paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent or other person specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or 
that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) 
and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity is that period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), (x) "Euro-zone" means the region 
comprised of member states of the European Union ("Member States") that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of 
Amsterdam and (y) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 78 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
72 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless otherwise stated 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities (excluding where 
the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (save where the 
Reference Rate is SONIA), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be (x) either: 
 
the offered quotation; or 
 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or the Euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11:00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in 
question, in each case (y) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any), the result of which will be (z) multiplied by the Rate 
Multiplier (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent or other person as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and provided the Rate of Interest may not 
be less than zero. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent (or other person as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph. 
In these Conditions "Relevant Screen Page" means the page specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information). 
 
Bank of England Base Rate Determination for Floating Rate N&C Securities 
Where Bank of England Base Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be (x) the Bank of England Base Rate 
(y) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any), 
the result of which will be (z) multiplied by the Rate Multiplier, if any, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Bank of England Base Rate" means the most recent published rate for deposits 
for a period equal to the Designated Maturity (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) as of 5:00 p.m., London time, on the Interest Determination Date 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or, if such Relevant Screen Page is

--- Page 79 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
73 
 
not available, such replacement page as the Calculation Agent shall select, or if 
the Calculation Agent determines no suitable replacement page exists, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
 
Determination of Rate of Interest where the Reference Rate is SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (provided that if Rate Multiplier is specified as Applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest will be the product of the preceding calculations 
and the Rate Multiplier in respect of the relevant Interest Period). 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"n", for any London Banking Day "i" means the number of calendar days from 
and including such day London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
London Banking Day (or, if earlier, the final day of the relevant Interest Period); 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the N&C 
Securities become due and payable). For the avoidance of doubt, it "p" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Zero, then the Observation Period shall be the 
same as the relevant Interest Period; 
"p" means for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included 
in the Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
the "SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Days as provided by the administrator of SONIA

--- Page 80 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
74 
 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i". 
If in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) determines that the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA reference rate 
shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIAi for the purpose of the 
relevant Series of N&C Securities for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the application Issue 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of N&C 
Securities for the First Interest Period had the N&C Securities been in issue for a 
period equal to duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of N&C Securities become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Events Of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such N&C Securities became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such N&C Securities shall for so long as any 
such N&C Securities remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
 
If, in respect of Exempt N&C Securities, the Reference Rate from time to time in 
respect of Floating Rate N&C Securities is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR or SONIA, the Rate of

--- Page 81 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
75 
 
Interest in respect of such Exempt N&C Securities will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. If no other Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Minimum Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be deemed to be zero and in no event shall the Rate of 
Interest for such calculation period in accordance with N&C Security Condition 4.3(B) 
above be less than zero. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent (or other person as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), in 
the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities will 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. In the case of 
Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Rate of Interest as provided in the Payout Annex as completed by the 
applicable Issue Terms. The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating 
the same. 
In the case of Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Interest Amount as provided in the Payout Annex as completed by the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless Day Count Fraction is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent (or other person as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities, and the Calculation Agent, in the case of 
all other Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the N&C Securities for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities which are represented by a Global N&C Security, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the applicable N&C Securities represented by 
such Global N&C Security (or, if they are Partly Paid N&C Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up) multiplied, in the case of Partial Redemption N&C 
Securities, by the Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage; 
 
in the case of Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities which are in definitive form held by each N&C Securityholder, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Floating Rate N&C Securities or 
Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities (as applicable) held by such N&C 
Securityholder multiplied, in the case of Partial Redemption N&C Securities, by 
the Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure in accordance with the Rounding Convention (as specified 
in N&C Security Condition 5 (Payments) below). Where the Specified Denomination of

--- Page 82 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
76 
 
a Floating Rate N&C Security or a Variable Interest Rate N&C Security in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such N&C Security shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In such case, the Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Interest 
Amount for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(E) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(F) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent (or other person as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and any stock exchange and/or market on which the relevant Floating Rate N&C 
Securities or a Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities are for the time being listed and/or 
admitted to trading and notice thereof to be published in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth (4th) London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange and/or market on which the relevant Floating Rate N&C 
Securities or Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities are for the time being listed and/or 
admitted to trading and to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(G) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
N&C Security Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate N&C Securities and Variable 
Interest Rate N&C Securities), whether by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all N&C 
Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the N&C Securityholders, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 83 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
77 
 
4.4 
Interest on Exempt N&C Securities 
The rate or amount of interest, if any, payable in respect of Exempt N&C Securities which are 
not Fixed Rate N&C Securities or Floating Rate N&C Securities shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of Partly Paid N&C Securities (other than Partly Paid N&C Securities which are 
Zero Coupon N&C Securities), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount 
of such N&C Securities and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Subject to the following paragraph, in respect of each N&C Security interest will be deemed to 
have accrued only on the relevant Interest Payment Date on which it falls due and not in any 
other circumstances. 
Subject as provided in any Annex, each N&C Security (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a N&C Security, that part only of such N&C Security) will cease to bear interest (if any) 
from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue on the relevant 
payment of principal on a daily basis at the relevant Rate of Interest and on the basis of the 
applicable Day Count Fraction or, if Day Count Fraction is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, at such day count fraction as would customarily apply to the calculation 
of interest on securities denominated in the Specified Currency as selected by the Calculation 
Agent (or other person as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), in the case of Fixed Rate 
N&C Securities and Floating Rate N&C Securities and all other Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such N&C Security have been paid and/or 
all assets deliverable in respect of such N&C Security have been delivered; and 
(B) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such N&C Security has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, and/or all assets in respect of such N&C Security have been delivered 
and notice to that effect has been given to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.6 
Business Day 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and if TARGET2 is specified, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any 
successor thereto) (the "TARGET2 System") is open; and 
(b) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (which if the 
currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
(TARGET2) System is open. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or as above, the principal financial centre of any currency for the purpose of these 
Conditions shall be as provided in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Associations, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the N&C Securities (the "ISDA Definitions").

--- Page 84 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
78 
 
4.7 
Interest calculations without a day count fraction 
If any amount of interest is to be determined and Day Count Fraction is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms such amount of interest will be calculated as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and any reference to a Day Count Fraction in this N&C Security 
Condition 4 will be deemed not to apply. 
4.8 
Fixed Income Benchmark 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that a Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance 
with this N&C Security Condition 4.8, then, in respect of any relevant Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms for which that Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest will be determined for these purposes only in accordance 
with this N&C Security Condition 4 (Interest) on the following basis:  
(a) 
the N&C Securities are deemed to be Floating Rate N&C Securities to which Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination or Bank of England Base Rate 
Determination applies as specified under the heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Relevant Screen Page will be as specified under the 
heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if Screen Rate Determination applies the Reference Rate will mean the relevant LIBOR 
or EURIBOR rate as specified under the heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Relevant Screen Page will be as specified under the 
heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(c) 
if ISDA Determination applies the Floating Rate Option and the Designated Maturity 
will be deemed to be the relevant option and period respectively specified under the 
heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(d) 
if Bank of England Base Rate Determination applies the Designated Maturity and 
Relevant Screen Page will be deemed to be the relevant period and page respectively 
specified under the heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(e) 
each day on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined will be deemed to be a Reset 
Date; 
(f) 
each of the Margin, the Minimum Rate of Interest, the Maximum Rate of Interest and 
the Additional Business Centre, if any, will be the values or centres specified as such 
under the heading "Fixed Income Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(g) 
the Calculation Agent will be the party making all Rate of Interest determinations and, 
where Screen Rate Determination applies, notwithstanding the final paragraph of N&C 
Security Condition 4.3(B)(ii), if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with N&C Security Condition 4.3(B)(ii), the Rate of Interest will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for the relevant disruption or 
other event. 
4.9 
Partial Redemption N&C Securities 
This N&C Security Condition 4.9 applies to Partial Redemption N&C Securities only. The 
applicable Issue Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest 
in respect of Partial Redemption N&C Securities and must be read in conjunction with this N&C 
Security Condition 4.9 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Partial Redemption N&C Securities. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will specify the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Partial Rate of Interest, the Partial Interest Payment Date(s), 
the Partial Redemption Date, the Partial Redemption Amount, the Partial Fixed Coupon

--- Page 85 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
79 
 
Amount, any applicable Partial Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count 
Fraction, the Business Day Convention and any applicable Determination Date. 
(a) 
Partial Redemption N&C Securities pay interest as provided in this N&C Security 
Condition 4.9 (such interest "Partial Interest") and, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as provided in N&C Security Condition 4.3 or 4.4 as the case may be, above. 
(b) 
Each Partial Redemption N&C Security will bear Partial Interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date (which unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms shall be the Issue Date) at the rate(s) (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Partial Rate(s) of Interest. Partial Interest will be payable in arrear on the Partial 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Partial Redemption Date 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Partial Interest will be payable in respect of each Partial Redemption N&C Security 
Interest Period. In these Conditions and for the purposes of Partial Redemption N&C 
Securities only, "Partial Redemption N&C Security Interest Period" means the 
period from (and including) a Partial Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Partial Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Partial Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Partial Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in N&C Security Condition 4.6 
above), then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Partial Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Partial Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Partial Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Partial Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Partial interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Partial Rate 
of Interest to: 
 
in the case of Partial Redemption N&C Securities which are represented by a 
Global N&C Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Partial 
Redemption N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security 
multiplied by the Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage; or 
 
in the case of Partial Redemption N&C Securities in definitive form held by each 
N&C Securityholder, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Partial 
Redemption N&C Securities held by such N&C Securityholder multiplied by the 
Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage, 
and, unless Day Count Fraction is specified to be "Not Applicable", in each case, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure in accordance with the Rounding Convention (as specified in N&C Security 
Condition 5 (Payments) below). Where the Specified Denomination of a Partial 
Redemption N&C Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Partial Redemption N&C Security shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 86 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
80 
 
(c) 
If the Partial Redemption N&C Securities are in definitive form, the amount of Partial 
Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Partial Redemption N&C 
Security Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Partial 
Interest Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of Partial Interest on any Partial Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Partial 
Interest Broken Amount so specified. 
(d) 
For the purposes of Partial Redemption N&C Securities, "Partial Redemption Nominal 
Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities 
(A) 
Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities 
Subject as provided below: 
 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or U.S. Dollars will be made 
by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency; 
 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
 
payments will be made in U.S. Dollars by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account 
maintained by the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which 
expression, as used in this N&C Security Condition 5, means the United States of 
America, including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions), 
or by cheque drawn on a United States bank. In no event will payment in respect 
of any Definitive Bearer N&C Security be made by a cheque mailed to an address 
in the United States. All payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities will be made to accounts located outside the United States except as 
may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment 
without detriment to the Issuer. 
(B) 
Payment of Principal and Interest in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, 
Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in N&C Security Condition 5.1(A) 
(Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive 
Bearer N&C Securities will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the states and the District of Columbia, its territories, possessions 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
(C) 
Missing Unmatured Coupons 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities and Partial Redemption N&C Securities in definitive bearer 
form (other than Long Maturity Securities (as defined below) and save as provided in 
N&C Security Condition 5.4 below) should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the

--- Page 87 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
81 
 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in N&C Security Condition 8 (Prescription)) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
N&C Security Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on 
which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
(D) 
Unmatured Coupons and Talons void 
Upon any Fixed Rate N&C Security or Partial Redemption N&C Security in definitive 
bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons 
(if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate N&C Security, Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Security or Long Maturity N&C Security in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Security" is a Fixed Rate 
N&C Security or Partial Redemption N&C Security (other than a Fixed Rate N&C 
Security or Partial Redemption N&C Security which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such N&C Security shall cease to be a Long Maturity N&C Security on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be 
paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such N&C Security.  
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer N&C Security is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such N&C Security from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Definitive Bearer N&C Security. 
(E) 
Payments of Principal and Interest in respect of Global N&C Securities 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of N&C Securities represented by 
any Global N&C Security in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer N&C Securities and otherwise 
in the manner specified in the Definitive Bearer Global N&C Securities against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global N&C Securities at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made against presentation or surrender of any Global N&C Securities, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global N&C Securities by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of a Global N&C 
Security will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an 
account maintained in the United States. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
Payments of any amounts owing in respect of the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
(including principal, interest and instalments, if any) will be made by the Issuer in the Settlement 
Currency to the relevant Paying Agent. The relevant Paying Agent will, in turn, make such 
payments to the Custodian in its capacity as the bearer of the relevant Immobilised Bearer 
Global N&C Securities and the amount so received by the Custodian is forwarded by it to the 
Book-Entry Depositary in accordance with the terms of the N&C Securities Depositary 
Agreement. Upon receipt of any such amounts, the Book-Entry Depositary will pay the amounts 
so received to the common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as

--- Page 88 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
82 
 
applicable, which will distribute such payments to participants in accordance with their 
procedures. 
The Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar will treat the bearer of the Immobilised 
Bearer Global N&C Securities as the owners thereof for the purpose of receiving payments and 
for all other purposes. Consequently, none of the Issuer, the Book-Entry Depositary, any Agent, 
the Registrar or any agent of the Issuer, any Agent or the Registrar has or will have any 
responsibility or liability for: 
(A) 
any aspect of the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any participants or 
indirect participant relating to, or payments made on account of, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any participant or indirect participant relating to or payments made on 
account of a Book-Entry Interest; or 
(B) 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any participant or indirect participant. 
Payments by participants to owners of Book-Entry Interests held through participants are the 
responsibility of such participants. 
In the event any Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security (or any portion thereof) is redeemed, 
the Book-Entry Depositary will, through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
redeem an equal amount of the Book-Entry Interests in such Immobilised Bearer Global N&C 
Security from the amount received by it in respect of the redemption of such Immobilised Bearer 
Global N&C Security. The redemption price payable in connection with the redemption of such 
Book-Entry Interests will be equal to the amount received by the Book-Entry Depositary in 
connection with the redemption of such Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities (or any 
portion thereof). If fewer than all of the N&C Securities are to be redeemed at any time, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit their respective participants' accounts on a 
proportionate basis (with adjustments to prevent fractions) or by lot or on such other basis as 
they deem fair and appropriate. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Definitive Registered N&C Securities 
(A) 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Registered N&C Securities 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) 
in respect of each Definitive Registered N&C Security will be made against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Definitive Registered N&C Security at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Definitive Registered N&C Security 
appearing in the register of holders of the Definitive Registered N&C Security 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the fifteenth 
(15th) calendar day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if a 
holder does not have a Designated Account, payment will instead be made by a cheque 
in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank. For these purposes, "Designated 
Account" means the account maintained by a holder with a designated bank and 
identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment 
in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro. 
(B) 
Payments of interest in respect of Definitive Registered N&C Securities 
Payments of interest in respect of each Definitive Registered N&C Security if any, will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed 
by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Definitive Registered N&C Security appearing in the 
Register at the close of business on the Record Date at his address shown in the Register

--- Page 89 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
83 
 
on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar not less than three (3) business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Definitive Registered Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in 
the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall 
be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on 
redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of 
the Definitive Registered N&C Securities which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the 
contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Definitive 
Registered N&C Security on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Definitive Registered Security. 
Holders of Definitive Registered N&C Securities will not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Definitive 
Registered N&C Security as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this N&C 
Security Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of 
any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Definitive Registered N&C 
Securities. 
5.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of Partial Redemption N&C 
Securities and certain types of Exempt N&C Securities 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, 
other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided 
in N&C Security Condition 5.1(A) (Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with N&C Security Condition 5.1(B) 
(Payment of Principal and Interest in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, Receipts and 
Coupons). Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in N&C 
Security Condition 5.1(A) (Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Definitive Bearer N&C Security in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 5.1(B) (Payment of Principal and Interest in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons). Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Bearer N&C Security to which it appertains. Receipts 
presented without the Definitive Bearer N&C Security to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Bearer N&C Security 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of each 
Definitive Registered N&C Security will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn 
on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Definitive Registered N&C Security appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the Record Date at his address shown in the Register 
on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three (3) business days in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of an instalment in respect of a 
Definitive Registered Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in N&C Security Condition 5.3(A) (Payments of principal in respect of 
Definitive Registered N&C Securities). Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to 
relate to all future instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the 
Definitive Registered N&C Securities which become payable to the holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Definitive Registered Security.

--- Page 90 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
84 
 
Holders of Definitive Registered N&C Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Definitive Registered N&C 
Security as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this N&C Security Condition arriving 
after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in 
respect of the Definitive Registered N&C Securities. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency N&C Securities or Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case 
may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments  
(A) 
The holder of a Global N&C Security shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments or to make a claim in respect of N&C Securities represented by such Global 
N&C Security and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global N&C Security in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant 
clearance system specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount or number of units of N&C Securities represented by such 
Global N&C Security must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
relevant clearance system specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as the case may be, 
for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global N&C Security. 
(B) 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto, but without prejudice to the provisions of N&C Security Condition 7 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required: (a) pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law or guidance 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (collectively, "FATCA"); and (b) 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) Withholding"). Any such amounts 
withheld or deducted will be treated as paid for all purposes under the N&C Securities, 
and no additional amounts will be paid on the N&C Securities with respect to any such 
withholding or deduction.  
In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any 
amounts to be paid on the N&C Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
"dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest 
rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the N&C Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested 
at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld.  
5.6 
Place of Payment 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this N&C Security Condition 5, if any amount of 
principal and/or interest in respect of N&C Securities (other than those in definitive registered 
form) is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect

--- Page 91 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
85 
 
of such N&C Securities will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer N&C Securities in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(B) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(C) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Any amount payable in respect of an N&C Security which exceeds the sum subscribed 
represents an amount payable by the Issuer (i) as consideration for the use of the sum subscribed 
by the Issuer and (ii) as compensation for and in recognition that in certain circumstances the 
amount repayable on maturity may be less than the sum subscribed or that the amount paid in 
excess of the sum subscribed may have been less than the prevailing rate of interest (generally 
payable by the Issuer) at the time when the N&C Securities were issued. 
5.7 
Payment Days 
Subject to N&C Security Condition 4.3(A) (Interest Payment Dates), if the date for payment 
(the "Relevant Payment Date") of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon 
is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof will instead be entitled to payment on the relevant day 
determined in accordance with the relevant Payment Day Convention as set out below and will 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any delay. 
Where: 
(a) 
the Payment Day Convention is specified as "Following" in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or where no Payment Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place; 
(b) 
the Payment Day Convention is specified as "Modified Following" in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next day which 
is a Payment Day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which event such 
holder shall be entitled to payment on the Payment Day immediately preceding the 
Relevant Payment Date (the "Adjusted Date for Payment"); and 
(c) 
the Payment Day Convention is specified as "Preceding" in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the holder thereof shall be entitled to payment on the Payment Day immediately 
preceding the Relevant Payment Date (the "Adjusted Date for Payment"), 
Provided That, in the event that any day upon which a valuation or determination is required to 
be made for the purposes of determining the amount of the payment to be made in respect of the 
Relevant Payment Date (each such date a "Relevant Valuation Date") would, as a result of the 
adjustment anticipated in paragraph (b) or (c) above, fall after the second Business Day 
preceding the Adjusted Date for Payment, N&C Securityholders will not be entitled to the 
relevant payment due in respect of the Relevant Payment Date until the day falling two (2) 
Business Days following the last occurring Relevant Valuation Date.

--- Page 92 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
86 
 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to N&C Security Condition 8 (Prescription)): 
(i) 
is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
 
in the case of N&C Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a relevant currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of each such relevant currency (which if 
the relevant currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the N&C Securities shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(A) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities; 
(B) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the N&C Securities; 
(C) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the N&C Securities; 
(D) 
in relation to Exempt N&C Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment 
Amounts; 
(E) 
in relation to Zero Coupon N&C Securities, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
N&C Security Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts);  
(F) 
the Partial Redemption Amount (if any) of the N&C Securities; and 
(G) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the N&C Securities. 
5.9 
Rounding Convention 
For the purposes of calculations made pursuant to N&C Security Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate N&C Securities), N&C Security Condition 4.3 (Interest on Floating Rate N&C 
Securities and Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities), N&C Security Condition 4.9 (Partial 
Redemption N&C Securities) and N&C Security Condition 6 (Redemption And Purchase) any 
figure to be rounded will, if other than a sub-unit in the relevant Specified Currency: 
(A) 
if "Rounded Up" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be rounded upwards to the 
next sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency; 
(B) 
if "Rounded Down" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be rounded downwards 
to the next sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency; or 
(C) 
in the event that no Rounding Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms be 
rounded down as if "Rounded Down" had been specified, 
provided that, in each case, the Calculation Amount in respect of N&C Securities which are (i) 
held by the same N&C Securityholder, (ii) of the same Series and (iii) in definitive form, shall 
be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate amount (a) of interest due in respect 
of any Interest Payment Date or (b) payable in respect of principal due (including for the 
avoidance of doubt the Final Redemption Amount).

--- Page 93 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
87 
 
5.10 
Sub-units 
In these Conditions, "sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than the euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, with respect to the euro, one cent. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below: 
(a) 
each N&C Security other than an Exempt N&C Security or a Partial Redemption N&C 
Security, will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or, in the case of certain Variable Redemption N&C 
Securities set out in the Payout Annex, determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
paragraph of the Payout Annex in the relevant Specified Currency, on the Maturity Date 
(each as specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
(b) 
each Exempt N&C Security (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or applicable Annex(es)) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date; 
and 
(c) 
each Partial Redemption N&C Security, will be redeemed by the Issuer: 
(i) 
by payment of the Partial Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Partial Redemption Date in each case specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
by payment of the Final Redemption Amount determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant paragraph of the Payout Annex specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or in the case of a Partial Redemption N&C Security which is an Exempt 
Security, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) in the relevant 
Specified Currency, on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which amount shall be deemed to be the final instalment of principal in respect of 
the relevant N&C Security. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of N&C Securityholders (Investor Put) 
This N&C Security Condition 6.2 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the N&C Securityholder, such option being referred 
to as an "Investor Put". The applicable Issue Terms contains provisions applicable to any 
Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this N&C Security Condition 6.2 for full 
information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of 
any N&C Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) 
not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice period, redeem, in 
whole (but not, in the case of a Definitive Bearer N&C Security, in part) such N&C Security on 
the Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Definitive Registered N&C 
Securities may be redeemed under this N&C Security Condition 6.2 in any multiple of their 
lowest Specified Denomination. In the case of Exempt N&C Securities only, it may be that 
before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be 
satisfied. Where relevant, such provisions will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 94 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
88 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount, in respect of each N&C Security of a nominal amount equal 
to the Calculation Amount, will be the specified percentage of the Calculation Amount or other 
fixed amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this N&C Security the holder of this N&C 
Security must, if this N&C Security is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Definitive Registered N&C 
Securities) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this N&C Security Condition 6.2 and, in the case of Definitive Registered 
N&C Securities, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Definitive Registered N&C Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Definitive Registered N&C Security in respect of the balance of such 
Definitive Registered N&C Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of N&C Security Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Definitive Registered N&C Securities). 
If this N&C Security is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this 
N&C Security or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this N&C Security 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this N&C Security the holder of this N&C Security must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this 
N&C Security is represented by a Global N&C Security, the terms of which require presentation 
for recording changes to its nominal amount or number of units, at the same time present or 
procure the presentation of the relevant Global N&C Security to the Principal Paying Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any N&C Security pursuant to this N&C 
Security Condition 6.2 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this N&C Security 
Condition 6.2 and instead to declare such N&C Security forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
N&C Security Condition 9 (Events Of Default). 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This N&C Security Condition 6.3 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or upon a 
regulatory event), such option being referred to as an "Issuer Call". The applicable Issue Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
N&C Security Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the 
applicable Issue Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of N&C Securities which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Security Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all or some only of the N&C Securities then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the

--- Page 95 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
89 
 
applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount or 
number of units not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of N&C Securities, the N&C Securities to be redeemed 
("Redeemed N&C Securities") will (i) in the case of Redeemed N&C Securities represented 
by definitive N&C Securities, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption, and (ii) in the case of Redeemed N&C Securities represented by a 
Global N&C Security, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed 
N&C Securities represented by definitive N&C Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed N&C Securities will be published in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 
(Notices) not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
The Optional Redemption Amount, in respect of each N&C Security of a nominal amount equal 
to the Calculation Amount, will be the specified percentage of the Calculation Amount or other 
fixed amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
6.4 
Redemption for illegality 
This N&C Security Condition 6.4 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer upon an illegality event as described below, 
such option being referred to as an "Issuer Illegality Call". The applicable Issue Terms contains 
provisions applicable to any Issuer Illegality Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
N&C Security Condition 6.4 for full information on any Issuer Illegality Call. In particular, the 
applicable Issue Terms will identify the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Illegality Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
event that the Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a reasonable manner that the 
performance of the obligations of the Issuer under the N&C Securities, has or will in the 
immediate future become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result 
of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or 
directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power (but, if 
not having the force of law, only if compliance with it is in accordance with the general practice 
of persons to whom it is intended to apply), or the interpretation thereof, the Issuer may, if and 
to the extent permitted by law, having given not less than the minimum period and not more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the N&C 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), on the expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
6.5 
Regulatory Redemption Event 
This N&C Security Condition 6.5 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer upon a regulatory event as described 
below, such option being referred to as an "Issuer Regulatory Call". The applicable Issue 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Regulatory Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this N&C Security Condition 6.5 for full information on any Issuer Regulatory 
Call. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will identify the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Regulatory Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the event 
that the Calculation Agent determines that a change in applicable law or regulation has occurred 
which results, or will result, solely by reason of the N&C Securities being outstanding, in the 
Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional jurisdiction or regulatory authority, or 
being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation considered by the Issuer to be 
materially onerous to it, the Issuer having given not less than the minimum period and not more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the N&C 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) may, on the expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C

--- Page 96 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
90 
 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. Payment shall 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.6 
Redemption for tax reasons 
If Issuer Tax Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to N&C 
Security Condition 6.7, the N&C Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (such 
option being referred to as an "Issuer Tax Call") in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
N&C Security is not a Floating Rate N&C Security or a Variable Interest Rate Security) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this N&C Security is a Floating Rate N&C Security or a Variable 
Interest Rate Security), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13, the N&C Securityholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the N&C Securities, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to deduct, withhold or otherwise pay or account for any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. Reasonable measures shall not include anything which would cause the Issuer to incur 
any material costs, and 
such circumstances being referred to a "Issuer Tax Call Circumstances" provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to account for any such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
changes were a payment in respect of the N&C Securities then due. 
Before the publication of any notice in respect of an Issuer Tax Call, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Principal Paying Agent a certificate duly signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption on the basis of an opinion of a firm of independent legal advisers or 
accountants dated no earlier than three months prior to the date of such notice to the effect either 
that: 
(a) 
Issuer Tax Call Circumstances exist; or that 
(b) 
upon a change in or amendment to the laws or regulations of the United Kingdom or 
other relevant jurisdiction (including any authority or political subdivision therein or 
thereof having power to tax), including any treaty to which the relevant jurisdiction is a 
party, or a change in the official application of those laws or regulations, which at the 
date of such certificate is proposed to be made and in the opinion of such firm is 
reasonably expected to become effective on or prior to the date when the relevant 
payment in respect of the N&C Securities would otherwise be made, becoming so 
effective, Issuer Tax Call Circumstances would exist. 
N&C Securities redeemed pursuant to this N&C Security Condition will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below. 
6.7 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions of the N&C 
Securities as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions including, where 
applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the 
successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making 
provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or

--- Page 97 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
91 
 
(ii) 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the N&C Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the N&C 
Securities, each N&C Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of 
the N&C Securities. In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply 
in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
For these purposes, 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the N&C Securities, or (3) it is not 
commercially reasonable to continue the use of the Benchmark in connection with the N&C 
Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining 
or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the N&C Securities and for any reason such licence is either 
not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); 
"Benchmark" means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in BMR and where any 
amount payable under the N&C Securities, or the value of the N&C Securities, is determined 
by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark; and  
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended. 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of N&C Security Conditions 6.4 (Redemption for illegality), 6.5 (Regulatory 
Redemption Event), 6.6 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.7 (Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and 9 (Events Of Default) or in the case of any other early 
redemption of the N&C Securities in an applicable Annex, each N&C Security will be redeemed 
at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a N&C Security with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
subject as provided below, the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(b) 
in the case of a N&C Security (other than a Zero Coupon N&C Security) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is 
payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the N&C Security is 
denominated, subject as provided below, the amount specified in, the applicable Issue

--- Page 98 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
92 
 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, at its nominal 
amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon N&C Security an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount=RP × (1 +AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; and 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the N&C 
Securities to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such N&C Security becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the N&C Securities to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such N&C Security becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the N&C Securities to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such N&C Security 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365);  
(d) 
if "Market Value less Associated Costs" is specified as the Early Redemption Amount 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each unit of 
N&C Securities or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount 
or, in the case of Partial Redemption N&C Securities, each unit of N&C Securities or 
nominal amount of N&C Securities which as of the Issue Date had a nominal amount 
equal to the Calculation Amount, shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent, which on (i) in the case of redemption other than pursuant to N&C Security 
Condition 9 (Events Of Default), the second (2nd) Business Day immediately preceding 
the due date for the early redemption of the N&C Security or (ii) in the case of 
redemption pursuant to N&C Security Condition 9 (Events Of Default), the due date for 
the early redemption of the N&C Security, represents the fair market value of such N&C 
Securities determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and 
methodologies by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be 
appropriate (including, but not limited to, (a) interest rates, index levels, implied 
volatilities in the option markets and exchange rates); (b) the remaining life of the N&C 
Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled 
early redemption; (c) the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption amount 
which would have been applicable had the N&C Securities remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early redemption date; and (d) prices at which 
other market participants might bid for securities similar to the N&C Securities), less, 
Associated Costs. In respect of N&C Securities bearing interest, the Early Redemption 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with this paragraph, 
shall not include any accrued but unpaid interest save to the extent this may be taken into 
account, where appropriate, in determining the fair market value referred to above. 
As used herein: 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the N&C Securities equal 
to the Calculation Amount or, in the case of Partial Redemption N&C Security, an 
amount per nominal amount of N&C Securities which as of the Issue Date had a nominal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount equal to such N&C Securities pro rata share

--- Page 99 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
93 
 
(determined on the basis of such nominal amount of the N&C Security and the aggregate 
of such nominal amounts of all N&C Securities which have not previously been 
redeemed or cancelled as at the Early Redemption Date) of the total amount of any and 
all costs or expenses associated or incurred by the Issuer, any Affiliate and/or Hedging 
Party (as applicable) in connection with such early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or 
incurring the funding relating to the N&C Securities and/or any costs associated with 
unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any hedge positions relating to 
the N&C Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(e) 
if "Market Value" is specified as the Early Redemption Amount in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each unit of N&C Securities or 
nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount or, in the case of 
Partial Redemption N&C Securities equal to the Calculation amount or, in the case of 
Partial Redemption N&C Securities , each unit of N&C Securities or nominal amount of 
N&C Securities which as of the Issue Date had a nominal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount, shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which on (i) in the 
case of redemption other than pursuant to N&C Security Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
the second (2nd) Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early 
redemption of the N&C Security or (ii) in the case of redemption pursuant to N&C 
Security Condition 9 (Events of Default), the due date for early redemption of the N&C 
Security, represents the fair market value of such N&C Securities determined by the 
Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate (including, but not limited 
to, (a) interest rates, index levels, implied volatilities in the option markets and exchange 
rates); (b) the remaining life of the N&C Securities had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early redemption; (c) the value at the relevant 
time of any minimum redemption amount which would have been applicable had the 
N&C Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early 
redemption date; and (d) prices at which other market participants might bid for securities 
similar to the N&C Securities). In respect of N&C Securities bearing interest, the Early 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with this 
paragraph, shall not include any accrued but unpaid interest save to the extent this may 
be taken into account, where appropriate, in determining the fair market value referred 
to above. 
(f) 
in the case of Exempt N&C Securities only, on such other calculation basis as may be 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.9 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
This N&C Security Condition 6.9 applies to N&C Securities which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date following the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
as described below, such redemption being referred to as an "Automatic Early Redemption". 
The applicable Issue Terms and, in the case of Variable Redemption N&C Securities, the 
relevant provisions of the Payout Annex contain provisions applicable to any Automatic Early 
Redemption and must be read in conjunction with this N&C Security Condition 6.9 for full 
information on any Automatic Early Redemption. In particular, the applicable Issue Terms will 
identify those items specified in the applicable paragraph of the Payout Annex. 
If Automatic Early Redemption is (i) specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of any Variable Redemption N&C Securities for which an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event is specified in the Payout Annex, or (ii) specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement for any Exempt N&C Securities for which an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
is specified in such Pricing Supplement, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled if such Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Issuer will give notice to 
N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) and the N&C 
Securities will be redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount as 
specified in the Payout Annex. For the purposes of these Conditions, the Agency Agreement,

--- Page 100 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
94 
 
Global N&C Securities and other forms of N&C Securities, all references to an Early 
Redemption Date or Early Redemption Amount shall be deemed to include a reference to an 
Automatic Early Redemption Date or Automatic Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
6.10 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt N&C Securities 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and any Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of any Exempt N&C Securities may be specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Instalment N&C Securities will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment N&C Securities will be determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid N&C Securities will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or 
otherwise, in accordance with the provisions of this N&C Security Condition 6 and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.11 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its respective Affiliates (as defined below) may at any time purchase N&C 
Securities (provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Such N&C 
Securities may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
6.12 
Cancellation 
All N&C Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All N&C Securities so cancelled 
and any N&C Securities purchased and cancelled pursuant to N&C Security Condition 6.11 
(Purchases) above (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon N&C Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon N&C Security upon early redemption of 
such Zero Coupon N&C Security pursuant to N&C Security Conditions 6.4 (Redemption for 
illegality) or 6.5 (Regulatory Redemption Event) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in N&C Security Condition 9 (Events Of Default) or otherwise pursuant to any 
Annex is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon N&C Security shall be the amount calculated as provided in N&C Security 
Condition 6.8(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon N&C Security becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon N&C Security have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon N&C Securities has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the N&C Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 101 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
95 
 
6.14 
Other Relevant Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person 
or, if the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of 
the management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, or otherwise. 
"Hedging Party" means the Issuer and/or any Affiliate and/or any other party which conducts 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the N&C Securities 
from time to time. 
"Partial Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or in connection with 
FATCA. In such event, the Issuer (or as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent) will make 
such payment after the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges has been made, shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount 
required to be withheld or deducted and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
the N&C Securities, Receipts or Coupons.  
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The N&C Securities (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become 
void unless presented for payment within a period of ten (10) years (in the case of principal) and 
five (5) years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this N&C Security Condition 8 
or N&C Security Condition 5.1(D) (Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities – 
Unmatured Coupons and Talons void) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to N&C 
Security Condition 5.1(D) (Payments in respect of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities – 
Unmatured Coupons and Talons void). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such 
payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C 
Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
If (a) any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing and (b) the holders 
of at least twenty-five per cent. (25%) in nominal amount or, in the case of N&C Securities 
issued in units, of the number of the N&C Securities then outstanding so request, the Issuer by 
notice in relation to the same event given in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 
(Notices), then, upon the date of such notice requirement in (b) above being satisfied or, in the 
case of an event as described in (ii) below, on expiry of the relevant time period specified 
therein, the relevant event shall be treated as an "Event of Default" and unless (in the case of 
(i) or (ii) below) the relevant default(s) or failure(s) shall have been cured by the Issuer prior to 
receipt of such written notice, all but not some only of the N&C Securities shall forthwith

--- Page 102 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
96 
 
become due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind. For the purposes of (a) above the relevant events are: 
(i) 
default is made for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the N&C Securities or any of them. The Issuer shall not, however, be 
in default if such sums were not paid in order to comply with a mandatory law, regulation 
or order of any court of competent jurisdiction. Where there is doubt as to the validity or 
applicability of any such law, regulation or order, the Issuer will not be in default if it 
acts on the advice given to it during such 14 day period by an independent legal adviser; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the N&C 
Securities or the Agency Agreement (as the case may be) and such failure continues for 
the period of 60 days next following the notice requirement as described in (b) above 
being satisfied; or 
(iii) 
an effective resolution is passed or an order is made for the winding-up or dissolution of 
the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation where the entity 
resulting from such reconstruction or amalgamation assumes all the rights and 
obligations of, as the case may be, the Issuer (including its obligations under the N&C 
Securities)). 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to the N&C Securities has been 
made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due with respect to any N&C 
Security has been obtained by any N&C Securityholder, such declaration and its consequences 
may be rescinded and annulled upon the written consent of holders of a majority in aggregate 
nominal amount or, in the case of N&C Securities issued in units, of the number of the N&C 
Securities then outstanding, or by resolution adopted by a majority in aggregate nominal amount 
or, in the case of N&C Securities issued in units, of the number of the N&C Securities 
outstanding present or represented at a meeting of holders of the N&C Securities at which a 
quorum is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement, if: 
(1) 
the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Principal Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay: 
 
all overdue amounts of interest on the N&C Securities; 
 
all other amounts which have become due in respect of the N&C Securities 
otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration; and 
(2) 
all Events of Default with respect to the N&C Securities, other than the non-payment of 
the Early Redemption Amounts which have become due solely by such declaration of 
acceleration, have been cured or waived by the relevant written resolution or resolution 
as provided above. 
No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
9.2 
Any default by the Issuer other than the events described in N&C Security Condition 9.1(i) 
above, may be waived by the written consent of holders of a majority in aggregate principal 
amount of the N&C Securities then outstanding affected thereby, or by resolution adopted by a 
majority in aggregate principal amount of such N&C Securities then outstanding present or 
represented at a meeting of holders of the N&C Securities affected thereby at which a quorum 
is present, as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any N&C Security or, if applicable, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, 
Receipts or Coupons, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of 
Definitive Registered N&C Securities, at the specified office of the Registrar (or in any case 
such other place of which notice shall have been given to the N&C Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) upon payment in any such case by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and

--- Page 103 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
97 
 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced N&C Securities or, if 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If 
any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or approve any 
change in the specified office through which any Agent acts and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that there will at all times be: 
(A) 
a Principal Paying Agent; 
(B) 
a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom; and 
(C) 
so long as the N&C Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority, a Paying Agent (in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Definitive Registered N&C Securities) 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in N&C Security Condition 5.6 (Place of Payment). 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to 
the N&C Securityholders of the relevant Series of N&C Securities promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents or, as the case may be, 
a registrar of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust 
with, any N&C Securityholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor Agent. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall have no responsibility for errors or omissions in any 
calculations and determinations made hereunder, and all such calculations and determinations 
shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the N&C Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the N&C Security to which 
it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of N&C Security Condition 8 
(Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the N&C Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published in one 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that, 
such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the N&C Securities are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication

--- Page 104 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
98 
 
as provided above is not practicable, notice will be given in such other manner as the Issuer 
deems appropriate. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
notice. 
Until such time as any definitive N&C Securities are issued, notice may be given (so long as 
any Global N&C Securities representing the N&C Securities are held in their entirety on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (and so long as the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the N&C Securities are listed, or the rules of any other relevant authority by which the 
N&C Securities have been admitted to listing, permit)) by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (instead of by way of publication or mailing) for 
communication by them to the holders of the N&C Securities provided that, in addition, for so 
long as any N&C Securities are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in a place or places 
required by the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the N&C Securities on the day falling such 
number of days specified in the Issue Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
All notices regarding the Definitive Registered N&C Securities will be deemed to be validly 
given if sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or 
the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will 
be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as 
any Definitive Registered N&C Securities are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by those rules. 
In the case of Definitive N&C Securities, notices to be given by any N&C Securityholder shall 
be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative N&C Security or N&C 
Securities, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Definitive Registered N&C Securities). Whilst any of the N&C 
Securities are represented by a Global N&C Security, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a N&C Security to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in writing or by facsimile or electronically or in 
such other manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
In respect of CREST N&C Securities, the Paying Agent shall, upon receipt of instructions from 
and at the expense of the Issuer arrange for the delivery of all notices in respect of the CREST 
N&C Securities as may be required in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
14. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Substitution of Issuer 
The Issuer (or any previously substituted company from time to time) shall, without the 
consent of the N&C Securityholders, be entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer 
any Affiliate of the Issuer (the "Substitute Issuer") as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the N&C Securities provided that (i) all 
actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the N&C Securities represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute Issuer have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; (ii) the Substitute Issuer shall have 
assumed all obligations arising from or in connection with the N&C Securities and shall 
have become a party to the Agency Agreement, with any consequential amendments; 
(iii) each stock exchange or listing authority on which the N&C Securities are listed shall 
have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substitute Issuer the N&C 
Securities would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; (iv) the Issuer shall have 
given at least 30 calendar days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the N&C 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices); and (v) the

--- Page 105 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
99 
 
creditworthiness of the Substitute Issuer at such time is at least equal to the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition), as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings (if any) assigned by Standard 
& Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and/or 
Moody's Investors Services Ltd. and/or Fitch Ratings Limited, or any successor rating 
agency or agencies thereto, or such other rating agency as the Issuer determines to the 
Substitute Issuer or, as the case may be, to the Issuer (or any previous substitute under 
this Condition). 
(b) 
Substitution of Branch  
The Issuer shall have the right upon 30 calendar days' prior notice to the N&C 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) to change the 
branch or office through which it is acting for the purpose of the N&C Securities, the 
date of such change to be specified in such notice provided that no change can take place 
prior to the giving of such notice. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the N&C 
Securityholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the N&C 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time and shall be convened by the Issuer at the 
request of N&C Securityholders holding not less than five per cent. (5%) in nominal amount or 
number of units of the N&C Securities for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing 
in the aggregate not less than fifty per cent. (50%) in nominal amount or number of units of the 
N&C Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons being or representing N&C Securityholders whatever the nominal amount or number 
of units of the N&C Securities so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business 
of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the N&C Securities, the Receipts or 
the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the N&C Securities or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the N&C Securities or altering the currency in which payments under the 
N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons are to be made), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or, at any adjourned 
such meeting, one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-
third, in nominal amount or number of units of the N&C Securities for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the N&C Securityholders 
shall be binding on all the N&C Securityholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent or sanction of the 
N&C Securityholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders to: 
(A) 
any modification of (except as mentioned above) the provisions of the N&C Securities, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the N&C Securityholders; or 
(B) 
any modification of any of the provisions of these Conditions, the N&C Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or is to comply with mandatory 
provisions of applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the N&C Securityholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the N&C Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 106 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
100 
 
16. 
REDENOMINATION 
16.1 
Redenomination 
Redenomination may be specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement for a 
Series of Exempt N&C Securities. If redenomination is so specified as applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the N&C Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders on giving prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Registrar, as applicable and at least thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to 
the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the N&C Securities shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the N&C Securities and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each N&C Security and Receipt 
equal to the nominal amount of that N&C Security or Receipt in the Specified Currency, 
converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with 
the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, that the then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered 
securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be 
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the N&C Securityholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the N&C 
Securities may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with N&C 
Security Condition 16.1(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the N&C 
Securities will be calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of N&C 
Securities presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) 
for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded 
down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if definitive N&C Securities are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, 
they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer (i) in the case of Relevant N&C 
Securities, in the denomination of euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the 
Principal Paying Agent may determine and notify to the N&C Securityholders and any 
remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to 
the N&C Securityholders in euro in accordance with N&C Security Condition 5 
(Payments); and (ii) in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 50,000 and 
(but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller 
denominations as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable may 
approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as applicable shall determine and notify to the N&C Securityholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the N&C Securities) will become void 
with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that 
replacement euro-denominated N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made 
in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any N&C Securities and 
Receipts so issued will also become void on that date although those N&C Securities and 
Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-
denominated N&C Securities, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for N&C 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable may specify and as shall be 
notified to the N&C Securityholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may 
be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the 
N&C Securities;

--- Page 107 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
101 
 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the N&C Securities, the 
Receipts and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the N&C Securities to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will 
be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque; 
(f) 
if the N&C Securities are Fixed Rate N&C Securities and interest for any period ending 
on or after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security, by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
N&C Securities represented by such Global N&C Security; and 
(ii) 
in the case of definitive N&C Securities, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate N&C 
Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate N&C Security shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding; 
(g) 
if the N&C Securities are Floating Rate N&C Securities, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made to this Condition as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, and as may 
be specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to instruments 
denominated in euro. 
16.2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing N&C Securities) any date for 
payment of interest under the N&C Securities or (in the case of any other N&C Securities) any 
date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the N&C Securityholders 
pursuant to N&C Security Condition 16.1 above and which falls on or after the date on which 
the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union;  
"Relevant N&C Securities" means all N&C Securities where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement provide for a minimum Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which 
is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and which are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 108 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities 
102 
 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the N&C Securityholders, 
the Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further N&C Securities having 
terms and conditions the same as the N&C Securities or the same in all respects save for the 
issue price and date of issue thereof, the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding N&C Securities. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the N&C Securities by virtue 
of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does and affect any right or remedy 
of any reason which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
SEVERABILITY 
Should any of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the validity of 
the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
N&C Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the N&C Securities, the 
N&C Securities Depositary Agreement, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Deed of Covenant, the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement, the 
N&C Securities, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Deed of Covenant, the N&C Securities, the 
Receipts and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and the Issuer submits and (by their 
acquisition of N&C Securities) each N&C Securityholder, Receiptholder and 
Couponholder is deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
(b) 
For the purposes of this N&C Security Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives and (by their 
acquisition of N&C Securities) each N&C Securityholder, Receiptholder and 
Couponholder is deemed to waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 109 ---
Payout Annex 
103 
 
PAYOUT ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
The terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise (a) the General Terms and Conditions of 
the N&C Securities (the "N&C Security Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for 
payouts set out below (the "Payout Conditions") or the Payout Conditions together with any Terms and 
Conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(together with the case of N&C Securities, the N&C Security Conditions, the "Conditions") and, in each 
case subject to completion in the applicable Issue Terms. In particular, certain sections of the Payout 
Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the N&C Security Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Security Conditions, and/or the Payout Conditions 
and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. References in the Payout Conditions to "N&C 
Security" and "N&C Securities" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C 
Securities" as the context admits and references to "N&C Securityholder" shall be deemed to be 
references to "N&C Securityholder". 
References below to a numbered N&C Security Condition are to such numbered section of the N&C 
Security Conditions and references to a numbered section of the Payout Conditions are to such numbered 
section as set out in this Payout Annex. Defined terms used in this Payout Annex where the same term 
may be used in another Annex shall have the meanings given in this Payout Annex notwithstanding the 
same terms being used in another Annex. 
1. 
VARIABLE INTEREST RATE SECURITIES AND VARIABLE REDEMPTION 
SECURITIES  
1.1 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts in respect of 
N&C Securities. The applicable text shown below will be extracted, included and completed in 
the applicable Issue Terms for N&C Securities on the following basis: 
For N&C Securities, applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and 
on the basis that inapplicable text need not be included) from (a) if applicable, Payout 
Condition 2, (derived from the relevant Coupon Payout) and Product Definitions, and/or 
(b) if applicable, Payout Condition 3.1 (derived from the relevant Redemption Payout) 
and Product Definitions, and/or (c) if applicable, Payout Condition 4.1(a) and 4.2 
(derived from the relevant Redemption Payout) and Product Definitions, will be set out 
as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.2 
N&C Security Conditions 
N&C Securities using (a) a Redemption Payout will be "Variable Redemption N&C Securities" 
and (b) a Coupon Payout will be "Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities". 
1.3 
N&C Security types 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether a N&C Security is an Equity Index Linked 
Security, an Inflation Index Linked N&C Security or a Cross-Asset Linked N&C Security and, 
if such N&C Security is an Equity Index Linked Security, may specify it is also a Partial 
Redemption N&C Security. 
1.4 
Use of n, t and i 
Terms used in these Payout Conditions may be attributed a numerical suffix value when 
included in the applicable Issue Terms. The suffix can be denoted as "n", "t" or "i" and the term 
will be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by n, t or i, as chosen at 
the time of an issue of N&C Securities. For example, if n is 1, Barriern=1 will appear as "Barrier 
1" when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. A term from the Product Definitions may be 
included in the applicable Issue Terms section more than once if there is more than one number 
represented by the term n, t or i.

--- Page 110 ---
Payout Annex 
104 
 
1.5 
Definitions and Interpretation 
"Coupon Payout" means any payout specified in Payout Condition 2, in each case as extracted, 
included and completed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Payout" means any payout specified in Payout Conditions 3.1, 4.1(a) and 4.2 
below, in each case as extracted, included and completed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Product Definitions" means each of the defined terms in Payout Condition 5 below. 
References in the Payout Conditions to an N&C Security will be deemed to refer to each unit of 
N&C Securities or nominal amount of N&C Securities equal to the Calculation Amount unless 
otherwise stated. 
2. 
INTEREST BEARING SECURITIES 
2.1 
Operative paragraph of the Issue Terms 
(a) 
Paragraph 15.1 (Fixed Rate N&C Security Provisions) 
Subject to any prior purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the [Rate of Interest 
applicable to] [amount of interest payable on] each Fixed Rate N&C Security on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be as set out below: 
(b) 
Paragraph 16.4 (Floating Rate N&C Security Provisions) 
Subject to any prior purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each N&C Security on the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology set 
out below: 
(c) 
Paragraph 18.1 (Other Variable Interest Rate N&C Security Provisions) 
Subject to any prior purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each N&C Security on the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology set 
out below: 
2.2 
Interest Payment Options 
2.2.1 Interest Payment Option 1 
Calculation Amount * Rate of Interest 
2.2.2 Interest Payment Option 2 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition is satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * Rate of Interestn=1; or 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition is not satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * Rate of Interestn=2 
2.2.3 Interest Payment Option 3 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition is satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * Rate of Interest; or 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition is not satisfied:  
zero

--- Page 111 ---
Payout Annex 
105 
 
3. 
EARLY REDEMPTION / CASH SETTLEMENT FEATURES 
3.1 
Item 26 (Automatic Early Redemption) – Issue Terms for N&C Securities 
Subject to any prior purchase and cancellation or early redemption, each N&C Security will be 
early redeemed [in whole] [in part, such part representing the Final Redemption Amount and 
final instalment in respect of the N&C Securities] at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
which will be equal to the Autocallable Amount on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date in [Specified Currency] if the Calculation Agent determines that Barrier Condition is 
satisfied.  
4. 
FINAL REDEMPTION / CASH SETTLEMENT FEATURES 
4.1 
Operative paragraph of the Issue Terms 
(a) 
Paragraph 24 (Final Redemption Amount) – Issue Terms for N&C Securities 
Subject to any prior purchase and cancellation or early redemption, each N&C Security 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount in [Specified Currency] determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology as set out below: 
4.2 
Final Payment Options 
4.2.1 
Final Payment Option 1 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent. + Bonus Amount - Barrier Return] 
4.2.2 
Final Payment Option 2 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent. + [[⚫] per cent. *Max[Floor, Min(Cap, ((Participation * 
Asset Final Performance) [+/-] [⚫] per cent.))]] [+/-] 
(a) 
[Max(Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final Performance)))]; 
(b) 
[Bonus]; or 
(c) 
[Barrier Return]] 
4.2.3 
Final Payment Option 3 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition has been satisfied: 
Calculation Amount * [Max(Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final 
Performance)))] 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition has not been satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * [Max(Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final 
Performance))) – Max(Floor, (Participation * Asset Final Performance))] [+/-] [Bonus] 
4.2.4 
Final Payment Option 4 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition has been satisfied: 
Calculation Amount * [Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage *] [[⚫] per 
cent.] [[⚫] per cent. + [[⚫] per cent. * Min[Capn=1, Max(Floor, (Participation * Asset 
Final Performance), Capn=2)]]] 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition has not been satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * [Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage *] [[⚫] per 
cent.] [[⚫] per cent. + [[⚫] per cent. * Max[Floor, Min (Cap, (Participation * Asset Final 
Performance))]]] [(Participation * Asset Final Performance)]

--- Page 112 ---
Payout Annex 
106 
 
4.2.5 
Final Payment Option 5 
(1) 
If Asset Final Performance is greater than or equal to Barriern=1: 
Calculation Amount * [⚫] per cent. 
(2) 
If Asset Final Performance is less than Barriern=1 but greater than or equal to Barriern=2: 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent.] [Max(Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final 
Performance)))] [(Participation * Asset Final Performance)] 
(3) 
If Asset Final Performance is less than Barriern=2: 
Calculation Amount * [Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final Performance))] 
[Max(Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final Performance))) – Max(Floor, 
(Participation * Asset Final Performance))] [(Participation * Asset Final Performance)] 
4.2.6 
Final Payment Option 6 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition is satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent.] [[⚫] per cent. + [[⚫] per cent. * Max[Floor, 
Min(Cap, (Participation * Asset Final Performance))]]] 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition is not satisfied and: 
(a) 
the Trigger Condition is satisfied: 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent.] [Max[Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * 
Asset Final Performance))]] 
(b) 
the Trigger Condition is not satisfied: 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent.] [Max[Floor, Min(Cap, (Participation * 
Asset Final Performance))]] [(Participation * Asset Final Performance)] 
4.2.7 
Final Payment Option 7 
(1) 
If the Barrier Condition has been satisfied and:  
(a) 
Asset Final Performance is greater than [or equal to] the Barrier: 
Calculation Amount * [[⚫] per cent.] [[⚫] per cent. + (Cap * (Participation * Asset 
Final Performance))] 
(b) 
Asset Final Performance is less than [or equal to] the Barrier:  
Calculation Amount * [⚫] per cent. 
(2) 
If the Barrier Condition has not been satisfied:  
Calculation Amount * (Participation * Asset Final Performance) 
4.2.8 
Final Payment Option 8 
(1) 
If Asset Final Performance is greater than the Barrier:  
Calculation Amount * [⚫] per cent. 
(2) 
If Asset Final Performance is equal to the Barrier:  
Calculation Amount * [⚫] per cent.

--- Page 113 ---
Payout Annex 
107 
 
(3) 
If Asset Final Performance is less than the Barrier:  
Calculation Amount * (Participation * Asset Final Performance) 
5. 
PRODUCT DEFINITIONS 
The Product Definitions below, where incomplete, will be set out and completed in the 
applicable Issue Terms as described in Payout Condition 1 above. Where a table is referred to, 
the relevant table will be set out in the section of the applicable Issue Terms referred to in the 
relevant Product Definition as completed in the applicable Issue Terms. Complete Product 
Definitions may also be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For these purposes: 
"Asset" means in relation to the relevant Asset Class, a Single Asset or a constituent of a Basket 
Asset, in each case as specified or determined as provided in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Asset Class" means one or more of Equity Index(ices), Inflation Index(ices), or Fixed Income 
Benchmark(s), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Asset Early" [means the] [Max] [Min] [Asset Level] [on the relevant [Scheduled Observation 
Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date]] [Average Level] [Observation Level] [is as specified 
in the table in [this] paragraph [⚫] of these Issue Terms] [,] [Barrier]. 
"Asset Early Performance" means the [Early Performance] [Early Performance (Call Spread)] 
[Early Performance (Rolling Lookback)] [Early Weighted Performance] of [the] [each] [Asset] 
[Early Laggard] [Early Outperformer]. 
"Asset Final" means [the] [Max] [Min] [Asset Level on the Final Valuation Date] [Average 
Level] [,] [Observation Level].  
"Asset Final Performance" means the [Final Performance] [Final Performance (Call Spread)] 
[Final Performance (Lookback)] [Final Performance (Temporis)] [Final Weighted 
Performance] [Enhanced Weighted Performance] [Upside Performance] [Downside 
Performance] [Weighted Performance] of [all] the [Asset[s]] [Final Laggard] [Final 
Outperformer]. 
"Asset Initial" means [the] [Max] [Min] [Asset Level on the Initial Valuation Date] [Average 
Level] [Observation Level] [,] [Barrier].  
"Asset Level" means the [Opening Level] [Closing Level] [Intraday Level] [Observation Level] 
of the relevant Asset. 
"Asset Lookback" [means the] [Asset Level on the relevant [Scheduled Observation Date] 
[Valuation Date] [Calculation Date]] [Average Level] [is as specified in the table in [this] 
paragraph [⚫] of these Issue Terms]. 
"Autocallable Amount" [has the value set out in the table in [this] paragraph [⚫] of these Issue 
Terms in relation to the [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] 
specified in such table in respect of which the Autocallable Amount has become payable or is 
triggered][means the Partial Redemption Autocall Amount]. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means [the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms]. 
"Average Level" means the arithmetic average of each [Opening Level] [Closing Level] 
[Intraday Level] [Observation Level] observed by the Calculation Agent on each Averaging 
Date. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Barrier" means [[⚫] per cent.] [n * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Initial * 
n * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Early * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Early * n * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Lookback 
* [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Lookback * n * [⚫] per cent.].

--- Page 114 ---
Payout Annex 
108 
 
"Barrier (Early)" means:  
(a) 
where Barrier Condition Early (European) is applicable:  
[[ ⚫] per cent.] [n * [ ⚫] per cent.][means the percentage ascribed to the relevant 
[Scheduled Observation Date][Valuation Date][Calculation Date], as specified in the 
table in [this] paragraph [⚫] of these Issue Terms]; or  
(b) 
where Barrier Condition Early (Bermudan) is applicable:  
[[⚫] per cent.] [n * [⚫] per cent.]; or 
(c) 
where Barrier Condition Early (American) is applicable: 
[Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent.] / [Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent. * n]. 
"Barrier (Final)" means:  
(a) 
where Barrier Condition Final (European) is applicable, [⚫] per cent.; or 
(b) 
where Barrier Condition Final (American) is applicable, Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent. 
"Barrier Condition" shall mean [Barrier Condition Early] [Barrier Condition Final].  
"Barrier Condition Early" shall mean [Barrier Condition Early (European)] [Barrier 
Condition Early (Bermudan)] [Barrier Condition Early (American)].  
"Barrier Condition Early (American)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent 
determines that on [each] [any] [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation 
Date] [related to the relevant Barrier Early Calculation Date] the Asset Level of [each] [any] 
[the] [Basket] Asset is at [all] [the] [any] time[s] greater than [or equal to] Barrier (Early).  
"Barrier Condition Early (Bermudan)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent 
determines that on any [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] 
[during the Observation Period], Asset Early Performance is greater than [or equal to] Barrier 
(Early).  
"Barrier Condition Early (European)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent 
determines that on [the relevant] [each] [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] 
[Calculation Date], Asset Early Performance is greater than [or equal to] Barrier (Early).  
"Barrier Condition Final" shall mean [Barrier Condition Final (European)] [Barrier 
Condition Final (American)].  
"Barrier Condition Final (American)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent 
determines that on [each] [any] [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation 
Date] the Asset Level of [each] [any] [the] [Basket] Asset is [at] [all] [any] [time[s]] greater 
than [or equal to] Barrier (Final).  
"Barrier Condition Final (European)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent 
determines that on the Final Valuation Date Asset Final Performance is greater than [or equal 
to] Barrier (Final).  
"Barrier Early Calculation Date" means [date to be specified] [each Scheduled Observation 
Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date]. 
"Barrier Return" shall mean an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following methodology:- 
(a) 
if Asset Final Performance is greater than [or equal to] the Barrier,  
[⚫] per cent.

--- Page 115 ---
Payout Annex 
109 
 
(b) 
if Asset Final Performance is less than [or equal to] the Barrier: 
Max [(Cap [+/-] (Participation * Asset Final Performance)), Floor] 
"Basket Asset" means an Asset that is a constituent of a basket of Assets, as specified or 
determined as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bonus" means an amount calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following: 
(a) 
If the Asset Final Performance is greater than [or equal to] Barrier,  
[[⚫] per cent.] [Min[Max(Floor, (Participation * Asset Final Performance)), Cap]] 
(b) 
If the Asset Final Performance is less than [or equal to] Barrier,  
[⚫] per cent. 
"Bonus Amount" shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of each [Scheduled 
Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Bonus Number * [⚫] per cent. 
"Bonus Condition" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent determines that on each 
[Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] the Asset Early Performance 
is greater than [or equal to] the Barrier. 
"Bonus Number" shall be [the number of times that the Bonus Condition is satisfied during the 
Observation Period] [the number corresponding to the last [Scheduled Observation Date] 
[Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] during the Observation Period upon which the Barrier 
Condition is satisfied] [or, if the Barrier Condition is not satisfied, zero] [number to be 
specified]. 
"Calculation Date" means [the date(s) specified as such in these Issue Terms] [each Scheduled 
Trading Day in the Observation Period] [and as further described in the applicable Annex for 
the relevant Asset]. 
"Cap" means [⚫] per cent. 
"Closing Level" means the Closing Level (as defined in the Equity Index Linked Conditions) 
of the relevant Asset where the relevant Asset Class is an Equity Index. 
"Downside Performance" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount expressed as a 
percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Asset Initial −Asset Final
Asset Initial
 
"Early Laggard" shall mean in relation to the [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] 
[Calculation Date], the Asset with the lowest calculated Early Performance, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, if two or more 
[Basket] Assets have the same Early Performance as of the [Scheduled Observation Date] 
[Valuation Date] [Calculation Date], the Calculation Agent shall select any such [Basket] Asset 
as the Early Laggard acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Early Outperformer" shall mean in relation to the [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation 
Date] [Calculation Date], the Asset with the highest calculated Early Performance, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if two or more [Basket] Assets have the same Early Performance as of the [Scheduled 
Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date], the Calculation Agent shall select any

--- Page 116 ---
Payout Annex 
110 
 
such [Basket] Asset as the Early Outperformer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Early Performance" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount expressed as a 
percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Asset Early
Asset Initial 
"Early Performance (Call Spread)" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount 
expressed as a percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Asset Early
Asset Initial −1 
"Early Performance (Rolling Lookback)" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount 
expressed as a percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Asset Early
Asset Lookback −1 
"Early Weighted Performance" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by 
the Calculation Agent being the sum of the values obtained by applying the following formula 
to each Basket Asset: 
𝑊 × Asset Early −Asset Initial
Asset Initial
 
"Enhanced Weighted Performance" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined 
by the Calculation Agent being the sum of the values obtained by applying the following 
formula to each Basket Asset: 
W * Upside Performance 
"Final Laggard" shall mean the Asset with the lowest [calculated Downside Performance] 
[calculated Final Performance] [calculated Upside Performance] [Observation Level] as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
if two or more Assets in the Basket have the same [Downside Performance as of the Final 
Valuation Date] [Final Performance as of the Final Valuation Date] [Upside Performance as of 
the Final Valuation Date] [Observation Level], the Calculation Agent shall select any such Asset 
as the Final Laggard acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Outperformer" shall mean the Asset with the highest [calculated Downside 
Performance] [calculated Final Performance] [calculated Upside Performance] [Observation 
Level], as determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if two or more Assets in the Basket have the same [Downside Performance as of the 
Final Valuation Date] [Final Performance as of the Final Valuation Date] [Upside Performance 
as of the Final Valuation Date] [Observation Level], the Calculation Agent shall select any such 
Asset as the Final Outperformer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Performance" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount expressed as a 
percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Asset Final
Asset Initial

--- Page 117 ---
Payout Annex 
111 
 
"Final Performance (Call Spread)" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount 
expressed as a percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Asset Early
Asset Initial −1 
"Final Performance (Lookback)" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount 
expressed as a percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Asset Final
Max [(Participation  × Asset Initial), Observation Level] 
"Final Performance (Temporis)" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount 
expressed as a percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 Asset Final −Asset Lookback
Asset Initial
 
"Final Weighted Performance" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by 
the Calculation Agent being the sum of the values obtained by applying the following formula 
to each Basket Asset: 
𝑊 × Asset Final −Asset Lookback
Asset Initial
 
"Fixed Income Benchmark" shall mean the relevant Rate of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Floor" means [⚫] per cent. 
"i" shall mean the corresponding number related to a defined term within the Conditions as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Intraday Level" means the Intraday Level (as defined in the Equity Index Linked Conditions) 
of the relevant Asset where the relevant Asset Class is an Equity Index. 
"Knock-out Level" [means [⚫] per cent.] [n * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent.] [Asset 
Initial * [⚫] per cent. * n] [shall mean the level ascribed to the relevant [Scheduled Observation 
Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date], as specified in the table in [this] paragraph [⚫] of 
these Issue Terms].  
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets. 
"n" shall mean the corresponding number related to a defined term within the Conditions as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Observation Days" means the total number of [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled 
Observation Dates] [Valuation Dates] [Calculation Dates] in the [Interest Period] [Observation 
Period].  
"Observation Level" [shall have the meaning expressed in the applicable Annex for the relevant 
Asset][means the Rate of Interest determined as provided in N&C Securities [Condition 4.8] (as 
defined in the Base Prospectus)].

--- Page 118 ---
Payout Annex 
112 
 
"Opening Level" means the Opening Level (as defined in the Equity Index Linked Conditions) 
of the relevant Asset where the relevant Asset Class is an Equity Index. 
"Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal Percentage" means a percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Paid Interest" means, in respect of a N&C Security, the sum of all interest paid in respect of 
that N&C Security from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) the immediately 
preceding Specified Interest Payment Date, if any. 
"Participation" means [⚫] per cent. 
"Partial Redemption Autocall Amount" means Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal 
Percentage multiplied by Calculation Amount. 
"Range Condition" shall be deemed satisfied in respect of any day if the Asset Level for such 
day observed by the Calculation Agent is greater than [or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.] per annum 
and less than [or equal to] [⚫] [per cent.] [per annum.] 
"Range Days" means the actual number of [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled 
Observation Dates] [Valuation Dates] [Calculation Dates] in the [Interest Period] [Observation 
Period] on which the Range Condition is satisfied. 
"Rate of Interest" shall mean in connection with the relevant Coupon Payout specified in these 
Issue Terms: [Insert one of:] 
[[⚫] per cent.] [per annum]; 
Screen Rate Determination; 
ISDA Determination; 
Bank of England Base Rate Determination; 
(n * [⚫] per cent.); 
[(n * [⚫] per cent.)] – Paid Interest;  
Max(Floor, Min(Cap, Participation * Asset Early [Performance] + [⚫] per cent.)) [+/- Barrier 
Return]; 
([⚫] per cent. × 
Range Days
Observation Days) or 
[the applicable percentage rate specified in the table in [this] paragraph [⚫] of these Issue 
Terms]. 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means [the date(s) specified as such in these Issue Terms] [each 
Scheduled Trading Day in the Observation Period]. 
"Single Asset" means a single Asset, as specified or determined as provided in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Trigger 
Condition" 
shall 
mean 
[Trigger 
Condition (European)] 
[Trigger 
Condition (American)].  
"Trigger Condition (American)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent determines 
that on [each] [any] [Scheduled Observation Date] [Valuation Date] [Calculation Date] the 
Asset Level of [each] [any] [the] [Basket] Asset is [at] [all] [any] [time[s]] greater than [or equal 
to] the Trigger.

--- Page 119 ---
Payout Annex 
113 
 
"Trigger Condition (European)" shall be deemed satisfied if the Calculation Agent determines 
that on the Final Valuation Date Asset Final Performance is greater than [or equal to] the 
Trigger.  
"Trigger" means:  
(a) 
where Trigger Condition (European) is applicable:  
[⚫] per cent.; or 
(b) 
where Trigger Condition (American) is applicable: 
Asset Initial * [⚫] per cent. 
"Upside Performance" means[, in respect of the relevant Asset,] an amount expressed as a 
percentage, calculated and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Asset Final −(Barrier*Asset Initial)
Asset Initial
 
"Valuation Date" means [the date(s) specified as such in these Issue Terms] [each Scheduled 
Trading Day in the Observation Period] [and as further described in the applicable Annex for 
the relevant Asset]. 
"W" means the weighting in respect of the relevant Basket Asset, as specified in the table in 
[this] paragraph [⚫] of these Issue Terms: 
"Weighted Performance" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the 
Calculation Agent being the sum of the values obtained by applying the following formula to 
each Basket Asset: 
W*Final Performance

--- Page 120 ---
Equity Index Annex 
114 
 
EQUITY INDEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY INDEX LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Equity Index Linked N&C Securities shall comprise the General 
Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities (the "N&C Security Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Equity Index Linked Conditions"), together with the Terms and 
Conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(together with the N&C Security Conditions and the Equity Index Linked Conditions, the "Conditions") 
and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the N&C Security Conditions and the Equity Index Linked Conditions, the Equity Index Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Security Conditions 
and/or the Equity Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. 
References in the Equity Index Linked Conditions to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" shall be 
deemed to be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" and references to "N&C 
Securityholder" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Securityholder". Any reference to "Index" 
within this Annex shall be deemed to be a reference to an Equity Index (as hereinafter defined). 
References below to a numbered N&C Security Condition are to such numbered section of the N&C 
Security Conditions and references to a numbered Equity Index Linked Condition are to such numbered 
section as set out in this Equity Index Annex. Defined terms used in this Equity Index Annex or the related 
section of the Issue Terms where the same term may be used in another Annex (e.g. Valuation Date) shall 
have the meanings given in this Equity Index Annex or in the section of the Issue Terms relating to Equity 
Index Linked N&C Securities notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or section of 
the Issue Terms. 
1. 
EQUITY INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
This Equity Index Linked Condition 1 will apply to Exempt N&C Securities only.  
(a) 
Equity Index Linked Interest N&C Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the N&C 
Security Conditions and subject to these Equity Index Linked Conditions, each Equity 
Index Linked Interest N&C Security will bear interest, if applicable, in the manner 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Conditions. 
(b) 
Equity Index Linked Redemption N&C Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Exempt N&C Security 
will be redeemed by the Issuer (A) by payment of the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and the Conditions on the Maturity Date or (B) by payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the terms set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Conditions, in 
each case on the Maturity Date (subject as provided below).  
2. 
MARKET DISRUPTION 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to N&C Securities relating to a single Index or 
basket containing any Index: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
(x) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that, for purposes of determining an Opening Level, begins at or, 
for purposes of determining a Closing Level, Intraday Level or 
Observation Level, ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component N&C Security is principally traded;

--- Page 121 ---
Equity Index Annex 
115 
 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that, for purposes of determining an Opening Level, begins at or, 
for purposes of determining a Closing Level, Intraday Level or 
Observation Level, ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component N&C Security is principally traded; 
or 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(y) 
the aggregate of all Component N&C Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20.00 per cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in each case, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that, for purposes of determining an Opening Level, begins at or, for 
purposes of determining a Closing Level, Intraday Level or Observation Level, ends at 
the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component N&C Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component N&C Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component N&C Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component N&C Security to (y) the overall 
level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (1) at any time 
during the one hour period that, for purposes of determining an Opening Level, begins 
at or, for purposes of determining a Closing Level, Intraday Level or Observation Level 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, or (2) an 
Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component N&C Security included in such 
Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component N&C Security 
to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such 
Index attributable to that Component N&C Security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in 
each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. For the purposes 
of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, 
if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component N&C Security included in such 
Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component N&C Security 
to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such 
Index attributable to that Component N&C Security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in 
each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but 
for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date. 
3. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO AN INDEX 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is: 
(i) 
not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; or

--- Page 122 ---
Equity Index Annex 
116 
 
(ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index,  
then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
(i) 
on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date or Scheduled 
Observation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities 
and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"); or 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor permanently cancels a relevant Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"); or 
(iii) 
on any Valuation Date or any Averaging Date or Scheduled Observation Date, 
the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the successor sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"); 
then the Issuer shall: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the N&C Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Index Level 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the 
Valuation Time on that Valuation Date or Averaging Date or Scheduled 
Observation Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, which in the case 
of an Index will be determined in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those Component N&C Securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot or can no longer calculate the 
relevant Index Level as described in paragraph (A), require the Calculation Agent 
to replace the affected Index by a new Index provided that such new index is (a) 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be), 
and (b) to the extent possible, representative of securities/components listed on 
one or more exchanges of one or more OECD countries and make relevant 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for such replacement; or 
(C) 
if this Equity Index Linked Condition 3(b)(iii)(C) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and if the Calculation Agent determines that there is not 
such a new Index and/or that the application of paragraph (B) would not achieve 
a commercially reasonable result, on giving notice to N&C Securityholders in 
accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices), as applicable, redeem or 
cancel, as the case may be, all but not some only of the N&C Securities, each 
N&C Security being redeemed by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount. 
(c) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the action proposed to be

--- Page 123 ---
Equity Index Annex 
117 
 
taken in relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by N&C 
Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
4. 
CORRECTION OF INDEX  
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date, if the level of an Index published on a given day and used or to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the N&C Securities, is subsequently corrected 
and the correction published by the relevant Index Sponsor, Exchange or Related Exchange within one 
Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the level to be used for calculation of any relevant value 
in relation to the N&C Securities shall be the level of the Index as so corrected and the Calculation Agent 
may make any relevant adjustment to the Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the N&C 
Securities to account therefor, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant 
Agent of any adjustment made by it pursuant to this Equity Index Linked Condition 4 and such Agent 
shall make available for inspection by N&C Securityholders copies of any such adjustment. 
5. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
(a) 
"Additional Disruption Event" means: 
(i) 
if "Elected Events Only" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any of Change 
in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, but in each case, only to the extent that 
such events are specified as applying to Equity Index Linked N&C Securities in 
the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if "Elected Events Only" is specified not to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow. 
(b) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer shall: 
(x) 
require the Calculation Agent to replace the affected Index by a new Index 
provided that such new Index is (a) representative of the same economic 
or geographic sector (as the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, 
representative of securities/components listed on one or more exchanges 
of one or more OECD countries and make relevant adjustments to the 
Conditions to account for such replacement; or 
(y) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot replace the affected 
Index as described in paragraph (x),  
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any of the terms of the N&C Securities to 
account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
provided that this Equity Index Linked Condition 5(b)(i)(y)(B) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, redeem or 
cancel, as the case may be, the N&C Securities by giving notice to 
the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices). If the N&C Securities are so redeemed or 
cancelled, the Issuer will pay each N&C Securityholder the Early 
Redemption Amount, in respect of each N&C Security held by it, 
and determined by taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 124 ---
Equity Index Annex 
118 
 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as the case may be, the N&C Securities by giving notice to the 
N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices), 
as applicable. If the N&C Securities are so redeemed or cancelled, the Issuer will 
pay each N&C Securityholder the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
N&C Security held by him determined taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 
(Notices). 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional 
Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
6. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
The N&C Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index 
Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at 
which the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or 
Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error 
in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error 
therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the N&C 
Securities. The Issuer shall have no liability to the N&C Securityholders for any act or failure 
to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of 
the Index. Neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index 
or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the 
Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Indices from 
publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index. 
7. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will 
be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant 
Index Level provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for 
purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date 
as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the N&C Securities relate to a single Index, the Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal

--- Page 125 ---
Equity Index Annex 
119 
 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original 
date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the N&C Securities relate to a basket of assets, the Averaging Date for each 
Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the 
Averaging Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such 
Index. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg service (or such 
other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated 
as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of displaying comparable rates in 
succession thereto). 
"Calculation Date" means each date specified as a Calculation Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day occurring 
on any such day in accordance with these Equity Index Linked Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means where: 
(a) 
"Change in Law 1" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Change 
in Law 1; or 
(b) 
"Change in Law 2" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Change 
in Law 2. 
"Change in Law 1" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms):  
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedging arrangements relating to a Component N&C Security or the relevant hedge positions 
relating to an Index and/or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in

--- Page 126 ---
Equity Index Annex 
120 
 
performing its obligations in relation to the N&C Securities (including, without limitation, due 
to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position 
of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any Hedging Party). 
"Change in Law 2" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms):  
(a) 
 due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines that it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements relating to a Component N&C Security 
or the relevant hedge positions relating to an Index.  
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in an Index the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that security or asset. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which 
such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement disruption event, would 
have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means, in relation to: 
(a) 
a Non-Composite Index, an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor; or 
(b) 
a Composite Index, the official closing level of such Index as published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Security" means each and any component security or asset of any Index. 
"Composite Index" means any Index in respect of which the securities comprising such Index 
are listed, traded or quoted on more than one exchange or quotation system as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and provided that, notwithstanding this definition, the Calculation Agent 
may elect to treat an Index as a Non-Composite Index if it determines this is appropriate acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is: 
(a) 
(i) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (A) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (B) the Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (C) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Non-Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(A) the Exchange or the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during their 
regular trading session or (B) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
where both Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day 
(Cross Asset Basis) are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for Equity Index 
Linked N&C Securities, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in the Equity Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component N&C Security or the Related Exchange prior to

--- Page 127 ---
Equity Index Annex 
121 
 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the relevant Valuation Time that would apply to the determination of a Closing Level on 
such Exchange Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Non-Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day 
with respect to such Index of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Component N&C 
Securities that comprise 20.00 per cent. or more of the level of such Index or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the Valuation Time that would apply to the determination of a Closing Level on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component N&C Security is principally traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor thereto or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Component N&C Securities underlying the 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the Component N&C Securities on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); and 
(b) 
in the case of any Non-Composite Index, the relevant exchange or quotation system 
specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms or if no such exchange or quotation 
system is specified for such Index in the Issue Terms, the exchange or quotation system 
on which all or substantially all relevant Component N&C Securities are listed (being 
for the avoidance of doubt, where any Component N&C Security has more than one 
listing, the exchange or quotation system used by the relevant Index Sponsor for the 
purposes of valuing the relevant price of such Component Security) or, in each case, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Component N&C Securities comprising such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity in relation to the Component N&C Securities comprising such 
Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a basket of Indices or assets, (i) Exchange Business 
Day (All Indices Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) or (iii) Exchange 
Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that, in the case of (b), if no such specification is made in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of Indices or assets 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) in respect of any Non-Composite Index, each relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading for its regular trading session 
in respect of all Indices comprised in the basket, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) in respect of any 
Composite Index, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the level of such 
Composite Index and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Composite Index in 
the basket, is open for trading during its regular trading session notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 128 ---
Equity Index Annex 
122 
 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) in respect of any Non-Composite Index, each relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading for its regular trading session 
in respect of all Indices comprised in the basket, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) in respect of any 
Composite Index, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the level of such 
Composite Index and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Composite Index in 
the basket, is open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which, in each 
case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (a) 
in the case of any Composite Index (i) the Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the level of 
such Composite Index; and (ii) Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Index 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) for any other Index, the relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Index is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(a) in respect of a Non-Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and each relevant Related 
Exchange (if any) in respect of such Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (b) in respect of a Composite Index (i) the relevant Index Sponsor 
calculates and publishes the level of such Composite Index and (ii) each Related Exchange (if 
any) in respect of such Composite Index, is open for trading during its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, with respect to: 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component N&C Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index on the Related Exchange; or 
in the case of any Non-Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Component N&C Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day occurring 
on any such day in accordance with these Equity Index Linked Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, including 
but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the N&C Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 129 ---
Equity Index Annex 
123 
 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
N&C Securities as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Component N&C Securities comprised in an Index 
that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the N&C Securities. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the N&C Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component N&C Security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Equity Index 
Linked Conditions, the equity index or equity indices specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Opening Level, Closing Level, Intraday Level 
or Observation Level of such Index, as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of such Index on a regular basis, which as of the Issue Date of the N&C Securities is 
the index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Component Security, the rate which 
the Hedging Party would have incurred to borrow such Component N&C Security on any 
Relevant Market as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day occurring 
on any such day in accordance with these Equity Index Linked Conditions. 
"Intraday Level" means the level of an Index observed by the Calculation Agent at any time 
during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Component N&C Securities 
comprised in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and in respect of the relevant Component Security, the lowest rate which the Hedging Party, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, would have incurred to borrow such Component 
N&C Security in the Relevant Market, in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares, as of the 
Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Non-Composite Index" means an Index that is not a Composite Index (together "Non-
Composite Indices").

--- Page 130 ---
Equity Index Annex 
124 
 
"Observation Level" means any of the following levels, each as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: (a) the lowest Closing Level observed by the Calculation Agent on the Scheduled 
Observation Dates, (b) the highest Closing Level observed by the Calculation Agent on the 
Scheduled Observation Dates, or (c) the level of the Index observed by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Initial Valuation Date or Scheduled Observation Date at the time specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Opening Level" means, in relation to:  
(a) 
a Non-Composite Index, an amount equal to the official opening level of the Index as 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor; or 
(b) 
a Composite Index, the official opening level of such Index as published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of Equity Index Linked N&C Securities and in relation 
to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts or futures contracts 
relating to such Index are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, or each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor 
to any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Issue Terms, "Related Exchange" shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Market" means, for the purpose of determining any value or other amount pursuant 
to these Equity Index Linked Conditions, any relevant quotation system, exchange, dealing 
system, screen page, over-the-counter derivatives or other market which the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate for such purpose and which it may select taking into account hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates for the N&C Securities. 
"Relevant Time" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reuters Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the display page so designated on the Reuters Money Market Rate 
Services or such other services or service as may be nominated as the information vendor for 
the purpose of displaying the specific page on that service or such other page as may be replace 
that page on that service or such other service, in all cases for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates in succession thereto. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means each date specified as a Scheduled Observation Date in 
the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Equity Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Scheduled Opening Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday opening time of such Exchange or Related

--- Page 131 ---
Equity Index Annex 
125 
 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any pre-opening or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a basket of Indices or assets, (i) Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Indices Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (iii) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that if, in the case of (b), no such specification is made in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of Indices or assets 
any day on which (a) in respect of any Non-Composite Indices, each relevant Exchange and 
each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Index in the basket is scheduled to be open 
for trading for its regular trading session, and (b) in respect of any Composite Indices, (i) the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to calculate and publish the levels of each Composite Index 
in the basket and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Indices is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day 
on which (a) in respect of any Non-Composite Indices, each relevant Exchange and each Related 
Exchange (if any) in respect of each Index in the basket is scheduled to be open for trading for 
its regular trading session, and (b) in respect of any Composite Indices, (i) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to calculate and publish the levels of each Composite Index in the basket 
and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Indices is scheduled to be 
open for trading during its regular trading session which in each case is also a Scheduled Trading 
Day under and as defined in the Equity Index Linked Conditions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means (a) in respect of a Non-Composite Index, 
any day on which the relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such 
Index is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, and (b) in respect of any 
Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to calculate and publish 
the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (a) in respect of an 
Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session, and (b) in respect of a 
Composite Index (i) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to calculate and publish the level 
of such Composite Index and (ii) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite 
Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
issuing a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor page 
or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of any Index, the period of Clearance System Business 
Days following a trade in the securities underlying such Index on the Exchange in which 
settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are 
multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the lesser of (a) either (i) eight (8) Scheduled 
Trading Days or (ii) such other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms and (b) such number of Scheduled Trading Days in the period from (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as applicable to (but 
excluding) the third (3rd) Business Day prior to any due date or scheduled date for any payment 
under the N&C Securities for which valuation on the relevant Averaging Date or Valuation Date 
is relevant, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 132 ---
Equity Index Annex 
126 
 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in relation to Equity Index Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component N&C Security on the Exchange 
in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Component N&C Securities that comprise 
20.00 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise 
in accordance with the above provisions or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless such day is a Disrupted Day. If such 
day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of N&C Securities relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level by determining the level or price 
of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of 
each security or asset comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or asset, as applicable, on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security or asset, as applicable, as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of N&C Securities relating to a basket of assets, the Valuation Date for each 
Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, affected (each an "Affected 
Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Index Level using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or price of that Index as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
or asset comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security or asset, as applicable, on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security or asset, as applicable, as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day).

--- Page 133 ---
Equity Index Annex 
127 
 
"Valuation Time" means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or if not 
so specified: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of such Index: (i) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (A) in respect of any 
Component Security, for the purposes of determining an Opening Level, the Scheduled 
Opening Time or, for the purposes of determining a Closing Level, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (B) in respect 
of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, for purposes of determining 
an Opening Level, the open of trading or, for purposes of determining a Closing Level, 
the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time 
at which the relevant Index Level is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or 
quoted on the relevant Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Non-Composite Index, (i) for the purposes of determining an Opening 
Level, the Scheduled Opening Time or, for the purposes of determining a Closing Level, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual 
closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the relevant Index Level 
is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or quoted on the relevant Exchange.

--- Page 134 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
128 
 
INFLATION INDEX ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX LINKED 
SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities shall comprise (a) the 
General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities (the "N&C Security Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Inflation Index Linked Conditions") or, as 
applicable, (b) the Inflation Index Linked Conditions, together with the Terms and Conditions as set out 
in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (together with, (i) in 
the case of N&C Securities, the N&C Security Conditions and the Inflation Index Linked Conditions, or 
(ii) the Inflation Index Linked Conditions, as the case may be, the "Conditions") and, in each case subject 
to completion in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the N&C Security 
Conditions, and the Inflation Index Linked Conditions, the Inflation Index Linked Conditions set out 
below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the N&C Security Conditions and/or 
the Inflation Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall prevail. References 
in the Inflation Index Linked Conditions to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" shall be deemed to 
be references to "N&C Security" and "N&C Securities" as the context admits and references to "N&C 
Securityholder" shall be deemed to be references to "N&C Securityholder" as the context admits. 
References below to a numbered N&C Security Condition are to such numbered section of the N&C 
Security Conditions and references to a numbered Inflation Index Linked Condition are to such 
numbered section as set out in this Inflation Index Annex. Defined terms used in this Inflation Index 
Annex or the related section of the Issue Terms where the same term may be used in another Annex (e.g. 
Determination Date, Hedging Party, Final Valuation Date or Averaging Date) shall have the meanings 
given in this Inflation Index Annex or in the section of the Issue Terms relating to Inflation Index Linked 
N&C Securities notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or section of the Issue 
Terms. 
1. 
INFLATION INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
This Inflation Index Linked Condition 1 will apply to Exempt N&C Securities only.  
(a) 
Inflation Index Linked Interest N&C Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the N&C 
Security Conditions and subject to these Inflation Index Linked Conditions, each 
Inflation Index Linked Interest N&C Security will bear interest in the manner specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Conditions. 
(b) 
Inflation Index Linked Redemption N&C Securities 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Exempt N&C Security 
will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Final Redemption Amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement and the 
Conditions on the Maturity Date (subject as provided below). 
2. 
KEY DATES AND BASKETS 
(a) 
Key Dates 
The applicable Issue Terms may specify a number of key dates (each a "Key Date") in 
respect of which an Inflation Index valuation is to be made. For each Key Date the 
relevant Reference Month, Determination Date(s), Inflation Cut-Off Date and, where 
applicable, End Date will be specified. The Calculation Agent will apply the provision 
of these Inflation Index Linked Conditions separately in each case to make the relevant 
Inflation Index valuation in relation to each Key Date accordingly. Each such Inflation 
Index level determined will be deemed to be an Observation Level, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 135 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
129 
 
(b) 
Baskets 
The applicable Issue Terms may specify that the N&C Securities relate to a single asset 
or a basket of assets. These Inflation Index Linked Conditions will apply to valuation 
and determinations in relation to each Inflation Index which forms the single asset or a 
constituent of the basket of assets referred to above. 
3. 
INFLATION INDEX DELAY AND DISRUPTION PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to 
such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a 
Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level=Base Level × (
Latest Level
Reference Level) 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being 
determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in 
respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to N&C Securityholders, in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices), of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this 
Inflation Index Linked Condition 3. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined below) is published or announced at any time on or 
after the relevant Inflation Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Index 
Linked Condition 3 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor

--- Page 136 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
130 
 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the "Successor Inflation Index") (in 
lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Index 
Linked N&C Securities by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early cancellation event has been designated by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Index Linked Condition 3(b)(v) 
below), a successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent 
(or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Inflation Index Linked Conditions 3(b)(ii), 3(b)(iii) or 
3(b)(iv) below; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Inflation Index 
Linked Condition 3(b)(i) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement 
has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index 
will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index 
is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, 
such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Inflation 
Index Linked N&C Securities from the date that such replacement Inflation Index 
comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Inflation Index 
Linked Conditions 3(b)(i) or 3(b)(ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five 
leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation 
Index should be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are 
received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to 
this Inflation Index Linked Condition 3(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent will 
proceed to Inflation Index Linked Condition 3(b)(iv) below; 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 3(b)(i), 3(b)(ii) or 3(b)(iii) above by the next 
occurring Inflation Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
below, will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Inflation Cut-
Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index 
in relation to Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities, the Issuer acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner discretion may either (1) require 
the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the terms of 
the N&C Securities to account for this event or (2) on giving notice to N&C 
Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices), the 
Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation 
Index Linked N&C Securities, each Inflation Index Linked N&C Security being 
redeemed or cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, in the case of N&C Securities. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with 
N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 137 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
131 
 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased 
at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for 
purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Inflation Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Inflation Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation 
Agent shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if 
"Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, only those 
adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue 
as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
To the extent that it has sufficient time and it is reasonable to do so prior to the relevant 
Maturity Date, in the case of N&C Securities if, within thirty (30) calendar days of 
publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities as it determines appropriate to 
account for the correction and will notify the N&C Securityholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging in each case if specified as applying to Inflation Linked N&C 
Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner may either: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made 
to any of the terms of the N&C Securities to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in the case of N&C Securities, redeem the N&C Securities by giving notice to the 
N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices). 
If the N&C Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay each N&C 
Securityholder the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each N&C Security 
held by him. Payments will be made in such manner as will be notified to the 
N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security Condition 13 (Notices).  
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will give notice as 
soon as practicable to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices) (in the case of N&C Securities) stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event (including giving details thereof) and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such

--- Page 138 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
132 
 
notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed 
action. 
5. 
INFLATION INDEX DISCLAIMER 
The N&C Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of 
the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time 
on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor 
shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation 
Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error 
therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with 
the N&C Securities. The Issuer shall not have liability to the N&C Securityholders for any act 
or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment 
or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation 
with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation 
Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from publicly available sources it 
believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness 
and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation Index. 
6. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purpose of the Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities: 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, and/or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the N&C Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other Hedging Party).  
"Inflation Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days 
prior to any due date or scheduled date for payment under the N&C Securities for which 
valuation on the relevant Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Inflation Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 139 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
133 
 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, including 
but not limited to currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the N&C Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any entity 
(or entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to 
the N&C Securities as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, inflation price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the N&C Securities, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Observation Level" means any of the following levels, each as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: (a) the lowest level of the Inflation Index observed by the Calculation Agent on 
the Scheduled Observation Dates, (b) the highest level of the Inflation Index observed by the 
Calculation Agent on the Scheduled Observation Dates, or (c) the level of the Inflation Index 
observed by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Scheduled Observation Date as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced; except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported.

--- Page 140 ---
Inflation Index Annex 
134 
 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Issue Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Issue Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above.

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
135 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON EXEMPT N&C SECURITIES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Non-Exempt N&C 
Securities issued under the Programme pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The N&C Securities are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the N&C Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the N&C 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the N&C Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the N&C Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the N&C Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any 
negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the N&C Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the N&C Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's, the target market assessment in 
respect of the N&C Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the N&C Securities 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the N&C 
Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the N&C Securities to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the N&C Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the N&C Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].] 
[The Base Prospectus (as defined below) expires on [⚫] December 2021. The new base prospectus ("[⚫
] Base Prospectus") will be [is expected to be] valid from and including [on or around] [⚫] [such date] 
and will be published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) and the Issuer's website 
(http://www.santander.co.uk). Following [expiry of the Base Prospectus] [publication of the [⚫] Base 
Prospectus] the offering of the N&C Securities will continue under the [⚫] Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions of the N&C Securities from the Base Prospectus will be incorporated by reference into 
the [⚫] Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the N&C Securities.]1  
 
1  
Include for N&C Securities which straddle this Base Prospectus and a future Base Prospectus.

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
136 
 
 
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE RISK FACTORS IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN FINANCIAL AND 
LEGAL ADVISORS ABOUT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES AND THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES IN 
LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES 
[DATE] 
Santander UK plc 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PTCQB104N23FMNK2RZ28 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount/Number of Units of Tranche] [Title of N&C Securities] 
(the "N&C Securities") 
 
under the 
Programme for the issuance of Notes and Certificates 
(the "Programme") 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the N&C Securities may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9.6 of Part B below, provided 
such person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) 
and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise,]2 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of N&C 
Securities in any other circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the N&C Securities (the "N&C Security Conditions" and, together with the applicable 
Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2020 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the N&C Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the N&C Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie) and the Issuer's website (http://www.santander.co.uk). [The Base Prospectus is also 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the specified office of Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch acting as Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the 
Issuer.] In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Final Terms, these Final Terms 
prevail. [A summary of the N&C Securities (which comprises the summary in the Base Prospectus as 
amended to reflect the provisions of these Final Terms) is annexed to these Final Terms.]3]  
The N&C Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws of any state or other 
 
2  
Delete where not applicable. 
3  
Include this wording if the minimum denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
137 
 
jurisdiction of the United States. The N&C Securities, or interests therein, may not at any time be offered, 
sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or directly or indirectly offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered 
to, or for the account or benefit of any U.S. Person (as defined below). Furthermore, the N&C Securities 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the 
"CEA"), and trading in the N&C Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. Person may at any time trade or 
maintain a position in the N&C Securities. For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of 
N&C Securities, see "Important Notice to Purchasers and Transferees of N&C Securities" and 
"Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus.  
For the purposes of these Final Terms, "U.S. Person" means (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance 
and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC 
pursuant to the CEA, (iii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 
4.7, or (iv) a "United States person" as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified 
or supplemented from time to time (each such person, a "U.S. Person"). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[By investing in the N&C Securities each investor is deemed to represent that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions 
to invest in the N&C Securities and as to whether the investment in the N&C Securities is 
appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers 
as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer 
or any Dealer as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the N&C Securities, it 
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the 
N&C Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest 
in the N&C Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer or any 
Dealer shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the 
investment in the N&C Securities. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on 
its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the 
terms and conditions and the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities. It is also capable of 
assuming, and assumes, the risks of the investment in the N&C Securities. 
(c) 
Status of Parties. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer is acting as fiduciary for or adviser to it in 
respect of the investment in the N&C Securities.] 
1. 
1.1 
Issuer: 
Santander UK plc 
2. 
2.1 
Type of Security: 
[Note] / [Certificate] 
 
2.2 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
2.3 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
2.4 
[Date on which the N&C Securities 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The N&C Securities will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security, as referred to in paragraph 32 below,

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
138 
 
which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]][Not Applicable]] 
 
2.5 
Trading Method: 
[Nominal] / [Unit] 
 
2.6 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not Applicable] / [Payout] / [Equity Index] / 
[Inflation Index] 
(N.B. more than one Annex may apply) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
4. 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] / [Aggregate 
Issue Size]: 
 
 
4.1 
Series: 
[ ]4 
 
4.2 
Tranche: 
[ ]5 
 
4.3 
[Nominal Amount per Unit: 
For calculation purposes only, each Unit shall 
be deemed to have a nominal amount of [ ]. 
(Each N&C Security must have a minimum 
Nominal Amount per Unit of €1,000 (or, if the 
N&C Securities are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent in such 
currency. If N&C Securities are not traded by 
unit, delete this item)]6 
5. 
5.1 
[Issue Price] / [Unit Issue Price] for 
Tranche:7 
[[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] / [[ ] [Insert currency] per Unit (the 
"Issue Price")] [plus accrued interest from and 
including [insert date] to but excluding the 
Issue Date (which is equal to [ ] days' accrued 
interest) (in the case of fungible issues, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[The aggregate Offer Prices (as specified in 
paragraph 10.1 of Part B to these Final Terms) 
received by the [Initial] Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the N&C Securities which shall be 
payable by the Dealer to the Issuer prior to the 
Issue Date] 
 
 
The Issue Price specified [in/at [paragraph 
[]]/above] may be more than the market value 
of the N&C Securities as at the Issue Date, and 
the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any 
other person is willing to purchase the N&C 
Securities in secondary market transactions is 
likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In 
particular, the Issue Price may describe the 
overall proceeds received by the Issuer in 
connection with the issue of the N&C 
 
4  
For N&C Securities issued by Unit, "Aggregate Issue Size" should be specified and expressed as a number of Units. 
5  
For N&C Securities issued by Unit, "Aggregate Issue Size" should be specified and expressed as a number of Units. 
6  
For N&C Securities issued by Unit only. 
7  
Note that for N&C Securities issued by nominal amount the "Issue Price" is the gross amount received by the Issuer in respect of the 
N&C Securities being issued and should not be confused with "Offer Price" which may be a different amount depending upon the context 
in which the expression is used (for example, see Part B paragraph 10).

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
139 
 
Securities expressed as a percentage of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount. In addition to the 
purchase price received from the Dealer, the 
Issuer may receive up-front payment(s) under 
the hedging arrangements for the N&C 
Securities and secondary market prices may 
exclude such amounts [see further Part B; item 
10.10 below]. 
 
 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, if 
any fees relating to the issue and sale of the 
N&C Securities have been paid or are payable 
by the Dealer to an intermediary (which may 
or may not have acted as an Authorised 
Offeror) (an "Intermediary"), then such 
Intermediary may be obliged to fully disclose 
to its clients the existence, nature and amount 
of any such fees (including, if applicable, by 
way of discount) as required in accordance 
with laws and regulations applicable to such 
Intermediary, 
including 
any 
legislation, 
regulation and/or rule implementing [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] 
[MiFID II], or as otherwise may apply in any 
non-EEA [and non-UK] jurisdictions. 
 
 
Investors in the N&C Securities intending to 
invest in N&C Securities through 
an 
Intermediary (including by way of introducing 
broker) should request details of any such fee 
payment from such Intermediary before 
making any purchase thereof. 
 
5.2 
[Unit Value on Issue: 
[[Insert currency] per Unit] 
 
 
Investors should note that the value of a 
Unit in the secondary market or on 
redemption may be less than the Unit Value 
on Issue 
 
 
(If N&C Securities are not traded by unit, 
delete this item)] 
 
5.3 
[Aggregate Proceeds Amount: 
[ ] 
 
 
(If N&C Securities are not traded by unit, 
delete this item)]8 
6. 
6.1 
[Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. The minimum denomination of each 
N&C Security will be €1,000 (or, if the N&C 
Securities are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent in such currency)) 
 
 
[[Where Bearer N&C Securities and multiple 
denominations 
above 
€100,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in another currency are being used, 
 
8  
The Aggregate Proceeds Amount should be an amount equal to the Aggregate Issue Size multiplied by the Unit Issue Price.

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
140 
 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No N&C Securities in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
exceeding [€199,000].]9] 
(If N&C Securities are not traded by nominal 
amount, delete this item) 
 
6.2 
[Minimum Tradable Size: 
[[€100,000]10 [[ ] Units and in multiples of [ ] 
Unit[s] (the "Multiple Tradeable Size") in 
excess thereof.]11] 
 
6.3 
Calculation 
Amount 
per 
N&C 
Security: 
[ ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations. 
Note that a Calculation Amount of less than 
1,000 units of the relevant currency may result 
in practical difficulties for paying agents 
and/or ICSDs who should be consulted if such 
an amount is proposed.) 
7. 
7.1 
Issue Date: 
[specify date] 
 
7.2 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[specify date] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain type of N&C Securities 
such as a Zero Coupon N&C Security) 
8. 
Type of Security: 
[Fixed Rate N&C Security] 
[Floating Rate N&C Security] 
[Zero Coupon N&C Security] 
[Partial Redemption N&C Security] 
[Cross-Asset Linked Security: 
(specify each relevant Type as follows)] 
[Equity Index Linked Security] 
[Inflation Index Linked Security] 
(Specify all N&C Security types which apply) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[For Fixed Rate N&C Security insert: [specify 
date]] 
 
9  
Not Applicable in the case of Definitive Registered N&C Securities. 
10  
Insert for N&C Securities issued by nominal amount only. 
11  
Insert for N&C Securities issued by Unit only.

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
141 
 
 
 
[For Floating Rate N&C Security insert: [The 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year/specify other]]] 
 
 
[For Zero Coupon N&C Security insert: 
[specify maturity date]] 
 
 
[For non-interest bearing N&C Security 
insert: [specify maturity date]] 
 
 
[[(the "Scheduled Maturity Date"), subject to 
the provisions of these Final Terms]] 
 
 
[For Equity Index N&C Securities (including 
if they are also Partial Redemption N&C 
Securities), if applicable, insert: [[ ] (the 
"Scheduled Maturity Date"), subject to the 
provisions of the Equity Index and these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[For Inflation Index Linked N&C Securities, if 
applicable, insert: [[ ] (the "Scheduled 
Maturity Date"), subject to the provisions of 
the Inflation Index Annex and these Final 
Terms]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate N&C Security] 
 
 
[[SONIA/Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate/LIBOR/EURIBOR/[Specify 
relevant 
ISDA Rate]]+/-[ ] per cent. Floating N&C Rate 
Security] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon N&C Security] 
 
 
[Variable Interest Rate Security] 
 
 
[non-interest bearing Security] 
 
 
[Partial Redemption N&C Security (NB. a 
Partial Redemption N&C Security may also be 
a Variable Interest Rate Security)] 
11. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, each N&C Security of a 
nominal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [ ] per cent. of their Calculation 
Amount] 
 
 
[Variable Redemption Security] 
 
 
[Partial Redemption N&C Security] 
 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value or Unit 
Value on Issue the N&C Securities may be 
derivative securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the requirements 
of the Delegated Regulation will apply.)

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
142 
 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate 
change 
occurs 
or 
cross-refer 
to 
paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify 
there] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] / [Investor Put] / [Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
Status of N&C Securities: 
Senior 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate N&C Security Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
15.1 
Rate(s) of Interest/determination of 
interest: 
[ ] per cent. [per annum] payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(or, if applicable, insert relevant provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Annex: 
i.e. 
Payout 
Condition 2.1(a), 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Option from Payout Condition 2.2 
and/or related definitions from Payout 
Condition 5.) 
 
15.2 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[[ ] in each year from (and including) [ ] and 
up to (and including) [insert date] / [specify 
other] 
 
 
[(NB: do not specify the final Interest Payment 
Date to be "Maturity Date", instead specify the 
calendar date or "Scheduled Maturity Date")] 
 
 
(N.B. to provide for adjustment of the Interest 
Periods by reference to which interest is 
calculated, please specify the appropriate 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 15.7 
below. For "unadjusted" interest calculation 
the Business Day Convention should be 
specified as "Not Applicable". Where Interest 
Payment Dates are required to adjust for 
payment purposes only (i.e. to roll to an 
appropriate Payment Day without affecting 
the length of the relevant Interest Period used 
for interest calculations) this can be achieved 
by specifying the appropriate Payment Day 
Convention in paragraph 34 below) 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of irregular coupons) 
 
15.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to N&C Securities in 
definitive form) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [payable on the 
Interest Payment Dates falling in[ ]]/ [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
143 
 
 
15.4 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to N&C Securities in 
definitive form) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
15.5 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Act/Act (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act/Act]/ 
[Act/Act (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Act/365 
(Fixed)]/[A/365 (Fixed)]/[A/365F] 
[Actual/365(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]/[Act/360]/[A/360] 
[30/360 (ICMA)] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[unadjusted/adjusted] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. If interest is not payable on a regular 
basis (for example, if there are Broken 
Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
may not be a suitable Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
(N.B. Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
denominated in euros) 
 
15.6 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon 
 
15.7 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/ Preceding Business Day Convention] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
15.8 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] / [TARGET2] / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate N&C Security Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
16.1 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[ ] in each year from (and including) [ ] up to 
(and including) [specify date]]/[specify other] 
[, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out below/not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(NB: do not specify the final Specified Interest 
Payment Date to be "Maturity Date", instead 
specify the calendar date or "Scheduled 
Maturity Date"]

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
144 
 
 
 
(N.B. to provide for adjustment of the Interest 
Periods by reference to which interest is 
calculated, please specify the appropriate 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 16.2 
below. For "unadjusted" interest calculation 
the Business Day Convention should be 
specified as "Not Applicable". Where Interest 
Payment Dates are required to adjust for 
payment purposes only (i.e. to roll to an 
appropriate Payment Day without affecting 
the length of the relevant Interest Period used 
for interest calculations) this can be achieved 
by specifying the appropriate Payment Day 
Convention in paragraph 34 below) 
 
16.2 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
16.3 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] / [TARGET2] / [Not Applicable] 
 
16.4 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination / Bank of England Base Rate 
Determination] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 
(or, if applicable, insert relevant provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Annex: 
i.e. 
Payout 
Condition 2.1(b), 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Option from Payout Condition 2.2 
and/or related definitions from Payout 
Condition 5.) 
 
16.5 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent) 
(Note: Should always specify the 
Calculation Agent if Bank of 
England Base Rate Determination 
applies): 
[The Calculation Agent: See paragraph 37 
below] / [specify other] 
 
 
[Address] 
 
16.6 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
 
[SONIA]/[ ] month LIBOR / EURIBOR 
 
 
[Observation 
Period: 
[specify 
number]] 
(applicable to SONIA only, otherwise delete) 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
145 
 
Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day of each 
Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the 
second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(d) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] / [[ ] per cent.] 
 
16.7 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(d) 
Rate Multiplier 
[Not Applicable] / [[ ] per cent.] 
 
16.8 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
16.9 
Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Designated Maturity: 
[Daily] [ ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters UKBASE] [ 
] 
 
(d) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] / [[⚫] per cent.] 
 
16.10 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
16.11 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
16.12 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
16.13 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act/Act]/[Act/Act 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Act/Act (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Act/365(Fixed)]/[A/365 
(Fixed)]/[A/365F] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
146 
 
[Actual/360]/[Act/360]/[A/360] 
[30/360][360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30/360 (ICMA)] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[unadjusted/adjusted] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
denominated in euros)] 
 
16.14 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
17. 
Zero Coupon N&C Security Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
17.1 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
17.2 
Reference Price: 
[ ] [per cent. of the Calculation Amount] 
 
17.3 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/365] 
18. 
Other 
Variable 
Interest 
Rate 
N&C 
Security Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
18.1 
Type of Variable Interest Rate N&C 
Securities: 
(Insert relevant provisions from the Payout 
Annex: i.e. Payout Condition 2.1(c), the 
relevant Interest Payment Option from Payout 
Condition 2.2 and/or related definitions from 
Payout Condition 5.) 
 
18.2 
Specified Period(s) / Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[ ] in each year from (and including) [ 
] 
and up to (and including) [specify date] / 
[specify other] 
 
 
[(NB: do not specify the final Specified Interest 
Payment Date to be "Maturity Date", instead 
specify the calendar date or "Scheduled 
Maturity Date")] 
 
18.3 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
18.4 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] / [TARGET2] / [Not Applicable] 
 
18.5 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
18.6 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
147 
 
 
18.7 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act/Act]/[Act/Act 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Act/Act (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Act/365 
(Fixed)]/[A/365 (Fixed)]/[A/365F] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]/[Act/360]/[A/360] 
[30/360 (ICMA)] 
[30/360][360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[adjusted / unadjusted] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate N&C Securities 
denominated in euros)] 
 
18.8 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
19. 
Interest provisions in respect of Partial 
Redemption N&C Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
19.1 
Partial Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. [per annum] payable in arrear on 
each Partial Interest Payment Date 
 
19.2 
Partial Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[[ ] in each year from (and including) [ ] and 
up to (and including) the Partial Redemption 
Date] / [specify other] 
 
 
(N.B. to provide for adjustment of the Interest 
Periods by reference to which interest is 
calculated, please specify the appropriate 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 19.7 
below. For "unadjusted" interest calculation 
the Business Day Convention should be 
specified as "Not Applicable". Where Partial 
Interest Payment Dates are required to adjust 
for payment purposes only (i.e. to roll to an 
appropriate Payment Day without affecting 
the length of the relevant Partial Interest 
Period used for interest calculations) this can 
be achieved by specifying the appropriate 
Payment Day Convention in paragraph 34 
below) 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of irregular coupons) 
 
19.3 
Partial Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
148 
 
(Applicable to N&C Securities in 
definitive form) 
 
19.4 
Partial Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to N&C Securities in 
definitive form) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Partial Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
19.5 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Act/Act (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act/Act]/ 
[Act/Act (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Act/365 
(Fixed)]/[A/365 (Fixed)]/[A/365F] 
[Actual/365(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]/[Act/360]/[A/360] 
[30/360 (ICMA)] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[unadjusted/adjusted] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. If interest is not payable on a regular 
basis (for example, if there are Partial Broken 
Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
may not be a suitable Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
(N.B. Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Partial Redemption N&C 
Securities denominated in euros) 
 
19.6 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon 
 
19.7 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/ Preceding Business Day Convention] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
19.8 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
20.1 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
20.2 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[specify 
other fixed amount] 
 
20.3 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
149 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
20.4 
Notice periods for Issuer Call: 
[ ] 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[⚫] [calendar]days 
 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[⚫] [calendar] days 
 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent/Registrar] 
21. 
Issuer Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
22. 
Notice periods: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
22.1 
Issuer 
Illegality 
Call, 
Issuer 
Regulatory Call and Issuer Tax Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent/Registrar] 
 
22.2 
Redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent/Registrar] 
23. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
150 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
23.1 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
23.2 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per cent. per Calculation Amount] / 
[specify other fixed amount] 
 
23.3 
Notice periods for Investor Put: 
 
 
(a) 
Maximum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
(b) 
Minimum period: 
[⚫] days 
 
 
[N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] [per Calculation Amount] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(or, if applicable, insert relevant provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Annex: 
i.e. 
Payout 
Condition 4.1(a), the relevant Final Payment 
Option from Payout Condition 4.2 and/or 
related definitions from Payout Condition 5.) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value or Unit 
Value on Issue the N&C Securities will be 
derivative securities for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the requirements 
of the Delegated Regulation will apply.) 
25. 
Early Redemption: 
 
 
25.1 
Early Redemption events: 
 
 
(a) 
Issuer Illegality Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Issuer Tax Call: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
25.2 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for illegality (N&C 
Security Condition 6.4 (Redemption 
for 
illegality)), 
Regulatory 
Redemption Event (N&C Security 
Condition 6.5 
(Regulatory 
Redemption Event)), redemption for 
tax 
reasons 
(N&C 
Security 
Condition 6.6 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 
redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
(N&C 
Security 
Condition 6.7 
(Redemption or adjustment for an 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Market 
Value][less 
Associated Costs][but not less than [⚫]] [[⚫] 
per [Calculation Amount][Unit]] 
(NB. To be specified per Calculation Amount 
or per unit, as applicable)

--- Page 157 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
151 
 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event)) 
or in any other circumstances 
specified in the N&C Security 
Conditions 
and/or 
the 
relevant 
Annex: 
26. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(s): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, insert relevant provisions from 
the Payout Annex: i.e. Payout Condition 3.1 
and 
related 
definitions 
from 
Payout 
Condition 5 and set out relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date(s) (i.e. set out next to 
each relevant Scheduled Observation Date 
and, if applicable, Autocallable Amount(s)) in 
table format.) 
27. 
Key Dates relating to Variable Interest 
Rate N&C Securities and/or Variable 
Redemption N&C Securities: 
 
 
(a) 
Trade Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Valuation Dates(s): 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Scheduled 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Observation Period: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Averaging [applies / does not apply] to the 
N&C Securities.] [The Averaging Dates are [ 
].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/ 
Modified Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(h) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[See [Equity Index Linked Condition 7] (for 
Equity Index N&C Securities)]] / [[Specify 
number] Scheduled Trading Days] / [Not 
Applicable] 
28. 
Additional provisions relating to Equity 
Index Linked N&C Securities: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
28.1 
Whether the N&C Securities relate 
to single index or a basket containing 
one or more indices and the identity 
of each relevant Index: 
[Single index] / [Basket containing one or 
more indices] 
 
28.2 
Equity Index: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
152 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
[Name of Index/Basket Index] 
 
 
(b) 
The relevant Index Sponsor is [Name 
of Index Sponsor] 
 
 
(c) 
Bloomberg Screen: [ ] 
 
 
(In case of more than one Index repeat the 
prompts set out in items 28.2 – 28.6 inclusive 
below and include the relevant information in 
a tabular format.) 
 
28.3 
Index: 
[Opening 
Level] 
/ 
[Intraday 
Level] 
/ 
[Observation Level] / [Closing Level] 
 
 
(NB:- If Observation Level is selected please 
specify one of (a) the [lowest] [highest] 
Closing Level observed by the Calculation 
Agent on the Scheduled Observation Dates or 
(b) the level of the [Index] observed by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
definition of Index Level at or about the 
Relevant Time on the [Initial Valuation Date] 
[Scheduled Observation Date]). 
 
28.4 
Exchange(s): 
[The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [ ]] 
 
28.5 
Related Exchange: 
[specify] / [All Exchanges] 
 
28.6 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [The relevant time 
is [ ], being the time specified on the 
[Valuation Date/Averaging Date/Scheduled 
Observation Date] for the calculation of the 
Index Level.] 
 
28.7 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)] 
/ [Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)] 
/ [Exchange Business Day (Per Index 
Basis)]/[Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) (Note: final option only to be specified 
for Cross-Asset Linked N&C Securities which 
relate only to Equities and Equity Indices)] 
 
28.8 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)] 
/ [Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)] 
/ [Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)] 
[Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) 
(Note: final option only to be specified for 
Cross-Asset Linked N&C Securities which 
relate only to Equities and Equity Indices)] 
 
28.9 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable: the provisions 
of Equity Index Linked Condition 5 do not 
apply] (if Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
parts of this item 28.9) 
 
 
(a) 
Elected Events Only: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
153 
 
 
 
(b) 
[The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the N&C Securities: 
[Change in Law 1] [Change in Law 2] 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost 
of Hedging] [Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow] 
[Loss 
of 
Stock 
Borrow][Merger 
Event] 
[Tender 
Offer] [Insolvency] [Nationalisation] 
[De-listing]] 
 
 
(NB: delete this item (b)) if "Elected Events 
Only" is specified as Not Applicable) 
 
 
(c) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [specify in relation to each 
relevant Component Security] is [ ]] 
 
 
(NB: only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable) 
 
 
(d) 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [specify in relation to each 
relevant Component Security] is [ ].] 
 
 
(NB: only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable) 
 
28.10 
Equity 
Index 
Linked 
Condition 3(b)(iii)(C) (Modification 
and Cessation of Calculation of an 
Index): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
28.11 
Equity 
Index 
Linked 
Condition 5(b)(i)(y)(B) 
(Consequences of an Additional 
Disruption Event): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Additional provisions relating to Inflation 
Index Linked N&C Securities 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
29.1 
Inflation Index/Inflation Indices: 
[….] 
 
 
(Give or details of index/indices. In case of 
more than one Inflation Index, repeat the 
prompts set out in items 29.1 –29.7 inclusive 
below and include the relevant information. In 
this case immediately before such items set out 
the title: Information in relation to [name of 
Inflation Index]) 
 
29.2 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[….] 
 
29.3 
Reference source(s): 
[….] 
 
29.4 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [....] [Fallback Bond]

--- Page 160 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
154 
 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: […] 
 
29.5 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
29.6 
Observation Level:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(NB:- If applicable please specify one of (a) 
the [lowest] [highest] level of the Inflation 
Index observed by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Inflation Index Linked 
Conditions in respect of the Scheduled 
Observation Dates or (b) the level of the 
Inflation Index observed by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Inflation Index 
Linked Conditions in respect of the [Initial 
Valuation Date] [Scheduled Observation 
Date].) 
 
29.7 
Inflation Index Dates in relation to 
[name of Key Date]: 
(In case of more than one Key Date, repeat the 
prompts set out in items 29.7(a) – 29.7(d) 
inclusive below (if different for each Key Date) 
and include the relevant information in a 
tabular format.) 
 
(a) 
Reference Month: 
[…] 
 
(b) 
Determination Date(s): 
[…] 
 
 
(Note this may be the relevant Key Date) 
 
(c) 
Inflation Cut-Off Date: 
[…] [As defined in the Inflation Index Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(d) 
End Date: 
[…] [Maturity Date] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
Applicable) 
 
29.8 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the N&C Securities: [Change in 
Law][,/and] 
[Hedging 
Disruption][,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]]/[Not Applicable: 
the provisions of Inflation Index Linked 
Condition 4 do not apply] 
30. 
Additional provisions relating to Fixed 
Income Benchmark N&C Securities 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
30.1 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[…] / [TARGET2] / [Not Applicable] 
 
30.2 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination / Bank of England Base Rate 
Determination] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
30.3 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
155 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[…] 
 
(b) 
Reference Rate: 
[…] month LIBOR / EURIBOR 
 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[…] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
30.4 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reset Date(s): 
[…] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[…] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[…] 
 
30.5 
Bank 
of 
England 
Base 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Designated Maturity: 
[Daily] [..] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Reuters UKBASE] [..] 
 
30.6 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][…] per cent. per annum 
 
30.7 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[…] per cent. per annum 
 
30.8 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[…] per cent. per annum 
31. 
Redemption provisions relating to Partial 
Redemption N&C Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
31.1 
Partial Redemption Amount: 
[insert amount] per N&C Security (NB. 
Should equal Partial Redemption Nominal 
Percentage multiplied by Calculation Amount) 
 
31.2 
Partial Redemption Date: 
[specify date] 
 
31.3 
Partial 
Redemption 
Nominal 
Percentage: 
[specify percentage] (NB. together, Partial 
Redemption 
Nominal 
Percentage 
plus 
Outstanding Partial Redemption Nominal 
Percentage should equal 100%. This part 
represents the fixed interest part) 
 
31.4 
Outstanding 
Partial 
Redemption 
Nominal Percentage: 
[specify percentage] (NB. This part represents 
the variable interest part)

--- Page 162 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
156 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
32. 
Form of N&C Securities: 
 
 
32.1 
Form: 
[Bearer N&C Securities: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
N&C Security which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer N&C Securities [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]. 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities on and after the Exchange Date.] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]. 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the "Form of the N&C Securities" section in 
the Base Prospectus and the N&C Securities 
themselves. (N.B. The exchange upon notice/at 
any time options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
N&C Securities in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of N&C Securities which 
is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary/Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security exchangeable for Definitive N&C 
Securities: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No N&C Securities in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of N&C Securities which 
is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary/Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security exchangeable for Definitive N&C 
Securities.) 
 
 
[Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities: 
 
 
[Permanently Restricted Global N&C Security 
held by the Book-Entry Depositary and CDIs 
registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]

--- Page 163 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
157 
 
 
 
(Permanently Restricted Global N&C Security 
to be used for securities which are to be 
represented by CREST Depository Interests) 
 
 
[CREST Depository Instruments: 
 
 
CREST 
Depository 
Interests 
("CREST 
Depository Interests") representing the N&C 
Securities may also be issued in accordance 
with the usual procedures of Euroclear UK & 
Ireland Limited ("CREST").] 
 
32.2 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] / [No] 
33. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
London / [give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
15.8, 16.3, 18.3 and 19.8 relate) 
34. 
Payment Day Convention: 
[Following] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following] 
/ 
[Preceding] 
 
 
(NB: If no Payment Day Convention is 
specified, "Following" will apply) 
35. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer N&C Securities: 
[Yes as the N&C Securities have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made] / [No] 
36. 
Rounding Convention: 
[Rounded up] / [Rounded down] / [Not 
Applicable] 
37. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Santander UK plc 
2 Triton Square 
Regent's Place 
London NW1 3AN 
United Kingdom] 
[specify other, including address] 
38. 
Specified N&C Securities: 
[Not Applicable] / [The N&C Securities shall 
be treated as Specified N&C Securities (as 
defined in the Base Prospectus) for the purpose 
of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.] 
39. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [SONIA] [In respect 
of N&C Securities that are derivative 
securities, specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears] [does 
not appear]] [repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation] / 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 164 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
158 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware and is/are able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ……………………………………… 
Duly authorised

--- Page 165 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
159 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION  
[When completing this Part B prompts marked: 
* 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as at the date of issue). 
** 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as at the date of issue). 
*** 
should be deleted if minimum denomination is €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as at the date of issue) and if the securities are not Derivative N&C Securities. 
**** 
should be deleted if the securities are Derivative N&C Securities.] 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
1.1 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been][is expected to be] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
N&C Securities to be admitted to trading on 
the London Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market and to be listed the Official List of the 
Financial Conduct Authority with effect on or 
about [⚫] [the Issue Date].] 
 
 
[Application [has been][is expected to be] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
N&C Securities to be admitted to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its 
regulated market with effect from [⚫] [the 
Issue Date].] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, 
indication must be given that the original 
N&C Securities are already admitted to 
trading).*** 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
1.2 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:*/**** 
[…] 
2. 
RATINGS  
 
2.1 
Ratings: 
[None. Please note that as at the Issue Date it 
is not intended that this specific Series of 
N&C Securities will be rated.] 
 
 
[The N&C Securities to be issued [have 
been]/[are expected to be] rated [insert 
rating] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity(ies)].]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to N&C Securities of this 
type issued under the Programme generally.] 
 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the "CRA Regulation")]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
160 
 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating 
specifically 
allocated 
to 
N&C 
Securities of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally, or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer [and any Authorised Offeror[s]], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the N&C Securities has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR OFFER, ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES*** 
 
4.1 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for offer differ from 
general corporate purposes and/or making 
profit and/or hedging certain risks, you will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
4.2 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[.] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use you will need to split out and present in 
order of priority. If proceeds are insufficient 
to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
4.3 
Estimated total expenses: 
[.] 
 
 
[Expenses are required to be broken down 
into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses".] 
 
 
(If the N&C Securities are derivative 
securities to which the Delegated Regulation 
applies it is only necessary to include 
disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses 
at 4.2 and 4.3 above where disclosure is 
included at 4.1 above.) 
5. 
YIELD – Fixed Rate N&C Securities Only**** 
 
Indication of yield: 
[.] 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of 
method of calculation in summary form] on 
the Issue Date.]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
161 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
6. 
HISTORIC RATES OF INTEREST – Floating Rate N&C Securities Only** 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/Bank of England Base Rate/] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters and/or Bloomberg]. 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF [IDENTIFY Reference Item], EXPLANATION OF EFFECT 
ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT [AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
[IDENTIFY REFERENCE ITEM]] – Variable Interest Rate N&C Securities And 
Variable Redemption N&C Securities*** 
[If the return on the N&C Securities is linked to one or more Reference Items such that Annex 
17 of the Delegated Regulation applies, an example of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the value of the underlying may be included.] 
• 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Item can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge]. 
• 
[Where the underlying is an index, include the name of [the/each] index and details 
of where information about [the/each] index can be obtained.] 
• 
[Where the underlying is a basket of underlyings, include details of the relevant 
weighting of each underlying in the basket.] 
[(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
8.1 
ISIN: 
[.] 
 
8.2 
Common Code: 
[.] 
 
8.3 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[The N&C Securities will also be eligible for 
CREST via the issue of CREST Depository 
Interests representing the N&C Securities] 
 
8.4 
[FISN: 
[.]] 
 
8.5 
[CFI Code: 
[.]] 
 
8.6 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
8.7 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[.] / [Not Applicable] 
 
8.8 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notice for the purposes of N&C 
Security Condition 13 (Notices): 
Any notice delivered to N&C Securityholders 
through the clearing system will be deemed 
to have been given on the [second][business] 
day after the day on which it was given to 
[Euroclear] 
[and/,] 
[Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] [and/,] [specify other].

--- Page 168 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
162 
 
 
8.9 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the N&C Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with [one of the 
international central securities depositories 
("ICSDs") as common safekeeper][specify 
other] and does not necessarily mean that the 
N&C Securities will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
(If "Yes" is selected and the N&C Securities 
are deposited with an ICSD, the N&C 
Securities must be issued in NGN form.) 
 
 
[No. [Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria 
be 
amended in the future such that the N&C 
Securities are capable of meeting them the 
N&C Securities may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the N&C Securities will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
8.10 
Governing law: 
English 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
9.2 
(i) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses]*** of Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas]***: 
[Not Applicable] / [give names [and 
addresses]*** of each entity acting as 
underwriter [and its respective underwriting 
commitments]***] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.)*** 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement***: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] / [give name]

--- Page 169 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
163 
 
 
9.3 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address]*** of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] / [give name [and 
address]***] 
 
 
[In connection with the issue of any Tranche 
of N&C Securities, the relevant Dealer (if 
any) named as the stabilisation manager (or 
persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation 
manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Stabilisation Manager") may over-
allot N&C Securities or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of 
the N&C Securities at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the final terms of the offer of the Tranche of 
N&C Securities is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the Tranche of N&C Securities and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the Tranche 
of N&C Securities.] 
 
9.4 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[The 
N&C 
Securities are only for offer and sale outside 
the United States in offshore transactions to 
non-U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act and may not at any 
time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or 
directly or indirectly offered, sold, resold, 
traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or 
delivered to, or for the account or benefit of 
any U.S. Person. 
 
 
Each initial purchaser of the N&C Securities 
and each subsequent purchaser or transferee 
of the N&C Securities shall be deemed to 
have agreed with the Issuer or the seller of 
such N&C Securities that (i) it will not at any 
time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, such N&C Securities so purchased 
in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. Person or to others for 
offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. Person and (ii) 
it is not purchasing any N&C Securities for 
the account or benefit of any U.S. Person.] 
 
 
[include the preceding two paragraphs for 
issuance of Bearer N&C Securities pursuant 
to Regulation S] 
 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D / 
TEFRA C / TEFRA not applicable] (NB. 
N&C Securities which will be represented by 
CREST Depository Interests to be TEFRA C

--- Page 170 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
164 
 
[and Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities 
will be TEFRA not applicable)] 
 
9.5 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the N&C Securities clearly do not 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the N&C 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
9.6 
(a) 
Non-exempt Offer:** 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]. 
(delete 
remaining sub-paragraph if not Applicable) 
 
(b) 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdiction: 
[Specify Relevant States where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers, which 
must be jurisdictions into which the Base 
Prospectus and any relevant supplements 
have been passported (in addition to Ireland, 
where the Base Prospectus is approved and 
published)] 
 
(c) 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a 
formulation such as "the Issue Date" or "the 
date which falls [ ⚫] Business Days 
thereafter" 
 
 
(Consider walk-away rights if extending 
Offer Period beyond the Issue Date) 
 
(d) 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific 
consent)][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
General Consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Other Authorised Offeror 
Terms: 
[Not Applicable] [Add here any other 
Authorised 
Offeror 
Terms 
(Authorised 
Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable.)] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Consider 
any 
local 
regulatory 
requirements necessary to be fulfilled so as to 
be able to make a non-exempt offer in 
relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should 
be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-
exempt offers may only be made into 
jurisdictions in which the Base Prospectus 
(and any supplement) has been notified / 
passported.)

--- Page 171 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
165 
 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER** 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) [The N&C Securities will be offered to the public in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s] 
in accordance with the arrangements listed below.] 
 
10.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not Applicable][See 10.10 below] / [give 
details] 
 
10.2 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
 
[Offers of the N&C Securities are conditional 
on their issue and are subject to such 
conditions as are set out in the [Distribution 
Agreement]. As between Dealers and their 
customers (including Authorised Offerors) or 
between Authorised Offerors and their 
customers, offers of the N&C Securities are 
further subject to such conditions as may be 
agreed between them and/or as is specified in 
any arrangements in place between them.] 
 
10.3 
[Description of the application 
process:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
10.4 
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
10.5 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
10.6 
[Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the N&C Securities:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
 
[NB: Under normal circumstances, on the 
Issue Date, allocated N&C Securities will be 
made available to the Dealer(s) / Authorised 
Offerors in such account as may be held by 
them directly or indirectly at Euroclear or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg.] 
 
10.7 
[Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
 
[If applicable (i) specify date on which the 
final size of the issue will be made public and 
(ii) insert specific details in respect of the 
method of publication (including, where 
relevant, details of any advertisements to be 
published).] 
 
10.8 
[Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 172 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
166 
 
 
10.9 
[Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
10.10 
Indication of the expected price at 
which the N&C Securities will be 
offered 
or 
the 
method 
of 
determining the price and the 
process for its disclosure: 
[Not Applicable] [The Issuer has offered and 
will sell the N&C Securities to the Dealer(s) 
(and no one else) at the Issue Price [less a 
total commission of [up to] [.] [per cent] [of 
the Issue Price]]. The Dealer(s) and 
Authorised Offerors will offer and sell the 
N&C Securities to their customers in 
accordance with the arrangements in place 
between each such Dealer and its customers 
(including the Authorised Offerors) or each 
such Authorised Offeror and its customers at 
the Issue Price and the market conditions 
prevailing at the time.] 
 
 
[The Issue Price for the N&C Securities 
includes a number of costs including sale 
commissions and hedging related payments 
and may not be an accurate reflection of the 
market value of the N&C Securities as of the 
Issue Date. The price at which the N&C 
Securities may be sold in secondary market 
transactions may be significantly lower than 
the Issue Price as a result. Accordingly, 
investors should be prepared to hold the N&C 
Securities until maturity. 
 
 
The Issue Price for the N&C Securities 
includes an embedded commission which 
will be payable to one or more distributors for 
the N&C Securities. An investor should 
enquire of any distributor from which it 
purchases N&C Securities as to the level of 
commissions received by the distributor.] 
 
 
[Other] 
 
10.11 
[Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
 
 
[Prospective N&C Securityholders will be 
notified by the relevant Dealer(s) and 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with the 
arrangements 
in 
place 
between 
such 
Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror and its 
customers. Any dealings in the N&C 
Securities, which take place will be at the risk 
of the prospective N&C Securityholders.] 
 
10.12 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser (and to the 
extent they are known, include those 
expenses contained in the price):] 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 173 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
167 
 
 
10.13 
[Name(s), address(es), legal entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and 
law and country of incorporation to 
the extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place.] 
[The Authorised Offerors are identified in 9.6 
above.] / [None] / [give details] 
[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms 
of the [Distribution Agreement] [Programme Agreement]12. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) 
will be made by the Dealer(s) or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, 
including the Authorised Offeror(s). The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchases of 
N&C Securities to persons (other than in respect of offers and sales to, and purchases of, N&C Securities 
by the Dealer(s) and only then pursuant to the [Distribution Agreement] [Programme Agreement], which 
are made by the Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror(s) in accordance with the arrangements in place between 
any such Dealer or [any such][the] Authorised Offeror and its customers.] 
[[Each [of] [t][T]he Dealer(s) has acknowledged and agreed, and any Authorised Offeror will be required 
by the Dealer(s) to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the N&C Securities, the 
Issuer has passported the Base Prospectus in [each of] the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s] and will not 
passport the Base Prospectus into any other European Economic Area Member State; accordingly, the 
N&C Securities may only be publicly offered in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction[s] or offered to Qualified 
Investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) in any other European Economic Area Member States 
and that all offers of N&C Securities by it will be made only in accordance with the selling restrictions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus and the provisions of these Final Terms and in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.]] 
 
12  
Delete as applicable depending on whether syndicated trade or not.

--- Page 174 ---
Form of Final Terms for Non-exempt N&C Securities 
168 
 
SUMMARY OF THE N&C SECURITIES 
[Insert completed summary for the N&C Securities, unless minimum denomination is equal to or 
greater than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 175 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
169 
 
FORM OF THE N&C SECURITIES  
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities", as applicable, 
shall have the same meanings in this Form of the N&C Securities. 
Form of the N&C Securities 
Other than in the case of Book-Entry Interests, CDIs (each as defined below) and Definitive Registered 
N&C Securities, the N&C Securities of each Series will initially be represented by a global security in 
bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached. Bearer N&C Securities will be issued outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and Immobilised 
Bearer N&C Securities of certain issues may be issued through the Book-Entry Depositary (as defined 
below). In addition, interests in Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities of certain issues may not at any time 
be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person and may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person ("Permanently Restricted N&C Securities"). Accordingly, 
Permanently Restricted N&C Securities may only be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside 
the United States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Bearer N&C Securities 
Each Tranche of Bearer N&C Securities will be initially represented by either a temporary bearer global 
N&C Security (a "Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security") or a permanent bearer global N&C 
Security (a "Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security" and, together with the Temporary Bearer 
Global N&C Security, the "Bearer Global N&C Securities") as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms 
of the N&C Securities, which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global N&C Securities are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as stated in the applicable Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); or 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Global N&C Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or to Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"), as the case may be. 
Where the Global N&C Securities issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable 
Issue Terms will also indicate whether such Global N&C Securities are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global N&C Securities are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the N&C Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
N&C Securities in bearer form for U.S. federal tax purposes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. In the case of each 
Tranche of N&C Securities in bearer form the relevant Issue Terms will specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA 
C") or U.S. Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D") apply in relation to the N&C Securities, or if the N&C 
Securities do not have a maturity of more than one year, that TEFRA does not apply. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 176 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
170 
 
Whilst any Bearer N&C Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security, payments 
of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the N&C Securities due prior to 
the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global 
N&C Security (if the Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
only to the extent that certification to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer 
N&C Security are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Clearstream, 
Frankfurt, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent. If a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security is issued directly (rather than 
exchanged from a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security), then that issuance must, on the earlier of 
the date of the first payment of interest by the issuer or the date of delivery by the issuer of the obligation 
in definitive form, comply with the same certification requirements as a Temporary Bearer Global N&C 
Security, described above. 
In respect of each Tranche of N&C Securities in respect of which a Temporary Bearer Global N&C 
Security is issued, on and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the Temporary 
Bearer Global N&C Security is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security will be 
exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for either: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security of the same Series; or 
(ii) 
Definitive Bearer N&C Securities (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the N&C 
Securities) of the same Series (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the N&C 
Securities) with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Issue Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer N&C Securities, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
In each case such exchange shall be made against certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
described above, unless such certification has already been given. Purchasers in the United States and 
certain U.S. Persons will not be able to receive Definitive Bearer N&C Securities or interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security will 
not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due presentation and certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global N&C 
Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security or for Definitive Bearer N&C 
Securities is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security 
will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt, as 
applicable, against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global N&C 
Security (if the Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer N&C Securities with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached upon either:  
(1) 
not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Clearstream, Frankfurt, as applicable, (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security) to the Principal Paying Agent; or 
(2) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined below). 
No Definitive Bearer N&C Securities will be sent by post or otherwise delivered to any location in the 
United States or its possessions in connection with such exchange. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: 
(1) 
an Event of Default (as defined in N&C Security Condition 9 (Events Of Default)) has occurred 
and is continuing;

--- Page 177 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
171 
 
(2) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in respect of 
N&C Securities settled through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) or Clearstream, 
Frankfurt (in respect of N&C Securities settled through Clearstream, Frankfurt) have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and, in any such case, no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent is available; or 
(3) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the N&C Securities represented by the Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security in 
definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to the N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream, Frankfurt, as the case may be, (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security) may 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Global N&C Securities, receipts, talons and interest 
coupons relating to such N&C Securities where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
N&C Securities which are represented by a Bearer Global N&C Security will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
In relation to any Tranche of N&C Securities under the Programme, the Issuer may issue N&C Securities 
of a minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 (or such other 
amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in excess thereof up to and including €199,000 (or 
such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms). In such case, no N&C Securities in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000 (or such other amount as is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms). So long as such N&C Securities are represented by a Temporary Bearer 
Global N&C Security or Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security and the relevant clearing systems so 
permit, the N&C Securities will be tradeable only in the relevant minimum authorised denomination and 
higher integral multiples of €1,000 (or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
notwithstanding that no Definitive Bearer N&C Securities will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000 (or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
If a Global Bearer N&C Security is exchangeable for a Definitive Bearer N&C Security at the option of 
the N&C Securityholders, the N&C Securities shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities) (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities 
Interests in N&C Securities to be issued as bearer securities in immobilised form ("Immobilised Bearer 
N&C Securities") of certain issues that may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person will initially be represented by a global security in bearer form (a "Permanently 
Restricted Global N&C Security" or an "Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security"). Any offer, 
sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery of an interest in a Permanently Restricted 
Global N&C Security made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. Interests in Permanently Restricted Global N&C

--- Page 178 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
172 
 
Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly may 
only be offered and sold outside the United States to person that is not a U.S. Persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. Interests in a Permanently Restricted Global N&C Security may not be held otherwise than 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such Permanently Restricted Global N&C 
Securities will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.  
The Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities will initially be issued in bearer form, without interest 
coupons, and title thereto will pass by delivery. Pursuant to a securities depositary agreement (such 
agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "N&C Securities 
Depositary Agreement") dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus between the Issuer, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch (the "Book-Entry Depositary"), Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the 
"Custodian") and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (the "Registrar"), the Immobilised Bearer 
Global N&C Securities of each Series will on issue be deposited with the Book-Entry Depositary and 
held by the Custodian on behalf of the Book-Entry Depositary. If any N&C Securities are issued as 
Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities, then the entire Series of which they form part will be issued 
as Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities. 
In respect of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities to be settled through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ("Permanently Restricted Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities") 
which are deposited with the Book-Entry Depositary, the Book-Entry Depositary will issue registered 
certificated depositary interests ("CDIs") to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or its nominee, and will record the CDIs in the books and records of the Registrar in the 
name of the common depositary or its nominee, as applicable. Ownership of interests in the Permanently 
Restricted Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities deposited with the Book-Entry Depositary (the 
"Book-Entry Interests") will be limited to persons with an account with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or persons who may hold interests through such participants. Book-Entry Interests will be 
shown on, and transfers thereof will be affected only through records maintained in book-entry form by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
Subject as set out below, the Book-Entry Interests will not be held in definitive form. Instead, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) will credit on their respective book-entry registration 
and transfer systems a participant's account with the interest beneficially owned by such participant. The 
laws of some jurisdictions, including certain states of the United States, may require that certain 
purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. The foregoing 
limitations may impair the ability to own, transfer or pledge Book-Entry Interests. In addition, while the 
Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities are in global form, holders of Book-Entry Interests will not be 
considered the owners or holders of such N&C Securities for any purpose. 
Interests in an Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole 
but not in part, for N&C Securities in definitive registered form without receipts, interest coupons or 
talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means: 
(i) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
(ii) 
in the case of Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified 
that (x) either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is unwilling or unable to continue to act 
as depositary for the N&C Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or (y) both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available; 
(iii) 
the Book-Entry Depositary is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as Book-Entry 
Depositary in respect of any Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities or its appointment as such 
under the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement is (or is to be) terminated and no successor is 
appointed by the Issuer within 90 days; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the N&C Securities represented by the Global N&C Security in definitive registered form.

--- Page 179 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
173 
 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to N&C Securityholders in accordance with N&C Security 
Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security) may give notice to the Registrar (or request that the 
Principal Paying Agent does so) requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (v) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Registrar. 
In such an event, the Issuer (or the Registrar on behalf of the Issuer) will exchange the Book-Entry 
Interests in the relevant Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security for N&C Securities in definitive form, 
registered in the name or names and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (in accordance with their respective customary 
procedures and based upon directions received from participants reflecting the beneficial ownership of 
Book-Entry Interests), and which may bear a restrictive legend unless such legending is not required by 
applicable law. 
To the extent permitted by law, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar shall be entitled 
to treat the holder of any N&C Security as the absolute owner thereof. 
Transfer of Interests 
Pursuant to the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement, the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
may be transferred only to a successor to the relevant Book-Entry Depositary. 
Unless and until Book-Entry Interests are exchanged for N&C Securities in definitive registered form, 
the CDIs held for the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg may not be 
transferred except as a whole to a nominee or a successor approved by the Issuer. 
All transfers of Book-Entry Interests between participants in Euroclear or participants in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, pursuant to 
customary procedures and subject to the applicable rules and procedures established by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
A Book-Entry Interest in an Permanently Restricted Global Immobilised Bearer N&C Security may not 
be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person, and any offer, sale, resale, trade, 
pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
Book-Entry Interests in an Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Security may be exchanged for N&C 
Securities in definitive registered form upon receipt by the Registrar of instructions from the Principal 
Paying Agent. It is expected that such instructions of the Principal Paying Agent will be based upon 
directions received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from the participant which 
owns the relevant Book-Entry Interests. N&C Securities in a definitive registered form issued in 
exchange for a Book-Entry Interest will be subject to certain restrictions and will bear the legend 
provided for in the Agency Agreement and N&C Securities Depositary Agreement. 
Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. See "Subscription and Sale". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the General Terms and Conditions of the N&C 
Securities), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of N&C Securities is 
issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of N&C Securities at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the N&C Securities of such further Tranche shall be assigned 
a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from 
the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to N&C Securities of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior 
to the expiry of any applicable period that by law or regulation would require such N&C Securities of 
such Tranche not to be fungible.

--- Page 180 ---
Form of the N&C Securities 
174 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Clearstream, Frankfurt shall, 
whenever the context so permits, except in relation to N&C Securities issued in NGN form, be deemed 
to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any reference herein to the common depositary, depositary or, as applicable, common safekeeper shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include references to any successor common depositary, 
depositary or, as applicable, common safekeeper or any additional or alternative common depositary, 
depositary or, as applicable, common safekeeper as is approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar. 
Any reference herein to the nominee or, as applicable, common nominee shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include references to any successor nominee or, as applicable, common nominee 
or any additional or alternative nominee or, as applicable, common nominee as is approved by the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that N&C Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Conditions, in which event, other than where such N&C Securities are Exempt N&C Securities, a 
supplement to this base prospectus or a new prospectus or prospectus will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such N&C Securities.

--- Page 181 ---
Use of Proceeds 
175 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of N&C Securities will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems and Settlement 
176 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream, Frankfurt (together, the 
"Clearance Systems") currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearance 
Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believe to be reliable. The Issuer accept 
responsibility for the information contained in this section. The Issuer confirms that the information 
contained in this section has been accurately reproduced as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the above sources, and that no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Investors wishing to use the facilities 
of any of the Clearance Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearance System. None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments 
made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the N&C Securities held through the facilities of 
any Clearance System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records or payments relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt each hold securities for their customers 
and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer 
between their respective account holders. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, 
Frankfurt provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of 
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries 
through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Clearstream, Frankfurt have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream, Frankfurt customers are world-wide financial 
institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing 
corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities 
Payments of any amounts owing in respect of Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities (including 
principal and interest, if any) will be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The relevant Paying Agent will, in turn, make such payments to or to the order of the Book-Entry 
Depositary in its capacity as bearer of the relevant Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities. Upon 
receipt of such amounts, the Book-Entry Depositary will pay the amounts so received to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, which will distribute payments to 
participants in accordance with their procedures, as detailed above. 
The Issuer will treat the bearer of the Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities as the owner thereof 
for the purposes of receiving payments and for all other purposes. None of the Issuer, the Book-Entry 
Depositary or any agent of the Issuer has or will have any responsibility or liability for: 
(a) 
any aspect of the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any direct or indirect 
participant relating to, or payments made on account of, a Book-Entry Interest in any 
Immobilised Bearer Global N&C Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of 
the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any direct or indirect participant relating 
to, or payments made on account of, a Book-Entry Interest in any Immobilised Bearer Global 
N&C Securities; or 
(b) 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any direct or indirect participant.

--- Page 183 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems and Settlement 
177 
 
Transfers of N&C Securities Represented by Global N&C Securities 
Transfers of any interests in N&C Securities represented by a Global N&C Security or a CDI within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant Clearance System and, in the case of CDIs, in accordance with the 
provisions of the N&C Securities Depositary Agreement. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of N&C Securities of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will generally have a settlement date three 
business days after the trade date. The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply 
to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global N&C Securities in bearer form among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules 
and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the N&C Securities represented 
by Global N&C Securities in bearer form or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests. 
The Issuer will not be responsible for the operation of the clearing arrangements which is a matter for 
the clearing institutions, their nominees, their participants and the investors. 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in N&C Securities may be delivered, held and 
settled in Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) ("CREST") by 
means of the creation of dematerialised depository Interests ("CREST Depository Interests") 
representing the interests in the relevant N&C Securities ("Underlying N&C Securities"). Such 
delivery, holding and settlement is governed, inter alia, by the terms of the CREST Manual issued by 
CREST dated 1 September 2015 (as the same may be amended, modified, varied or supplemented from 
time to time, the "CREST Manual"). The CREST Depository Interests will be issued by CREST 
Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST Depository") to holders of the CREST 
Depository Interests and will be constituted and governed by English law. CREST International 
Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee in accordance with the CREST Deed 
Poll (as defined below) (the "CREST Nominee") will hold the legal title to the Underlying N&C 
Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee 
in the Underlying N&C Securities. Pursuant to the CREST Manual, N&C Securities held in global form 
by the Common Depositary may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue 
CREST Depository Interests. The CREST Depository Interests will be independent securities which may 
be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying N&C Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with 
Euroclear and the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which 
will issue CREST Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying 
N&C Security, for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in 
respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any 
interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying N&C Securities on trust for such 
holder. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will also be able to receive from CREST notices of 
meetings of holders of Underlying N&C Securities and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying N&C Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and 
transfer of an interest in such N&C Securities underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account

--- Page 184 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems and Settlement 
178 
 
of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests 
will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the Underlying N&C Securities and will not require a separate 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as 
contained in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by 
the CREST Depository (the "CREST Deed Poll"). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository 
Interests will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the Issuer including the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be 
different from those of holders of N&C Securities which are not represented by CREST Depository 
Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links 
Service"). The settlement of the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests:  
(i) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying N&C 
Securities. The CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying 
N&C Securities to which they relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying N&C 
Securities; 
(ii) 
the Underlying N&C Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests 
representing indirect interests in such Underlying N&C Securities) will be held in an account with 
a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying N&C Securities through a clearing system. 
Rights in the Underlying N&C Securities will be held through custodial and depositary links 
through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the Underlying N&C Securities or to 
interests in the Underlying N&C Securities will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or 
through which the Underlying N&C Securities are held; 
(iii) 
rights under the Underlying N&C Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository 
Interests except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. 
The enforcement of rights under the Underlying N&C Securities will therefore be subject to the 
local law of the relevant intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the 
Underlying N&C Securities are represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository 
which (through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying N&C Securities. This 
could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made 
in respect of the Underlying N&C Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the 
relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying N&C Securities held in clearing systems 
are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same 
accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries; 
(iv) 
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be 
constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests 
will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed 
pursuant to, the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such 
holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(v) 
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of 
doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST 
Depository Interests and limitations on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository 
Interests, the CREST Depository; 
(vi) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by 
them. The attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST 
Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual 
and the CREST Rules), copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London

--- Page 185 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems and Settlement 
179 
 
EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses 
to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect 
of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs 
or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the N&C 
Securities through the CREST International Settlement Links Service; 
(viii) neither the Issuer, the Dealer nor any Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations; and 
(ix) 
N&C Securities issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
N&C Security will not be eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, 
investors investing in the Underlying N&C Securities through CREST Depository Interests will 
only receive the CREST Depository Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global N&C Security 
is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer Global N&C Security, which could take up to 40 days after 
the issue of the N&C Securities.

--- Page 186 ---
Taxation 
180 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the N&C Securities. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the N&C Securities, 
whether in those jurisdictions or elsewhere. It is not intended and does not constitute tax advice or 
legal opinion. Prospective purchasers of N&C Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
as to the consequences, under the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or 
domicile, of a purchase of N&C Securities, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt 
of payments under the N&C Securities and their disposal or redemption. This summary is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law that might 
take effect after such date. 
1. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of N&C Securities and is a summary 
of the Issuer's understanding of current law and published HM Revenue and Customs ("HMRC") practice 
in the United Kingdom relating only to United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the N&C Securities. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom 
taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of the N&C Securities. Some aspects do not 
apply to certain classes of person (such as dealers and persons connected with the Issuer) to whom 
special rules may apply. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective N&C Securityholders depends 
on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective N&C 
Securityholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may 
be unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
Payment of Interest on the N&C Securities 
Withholding on account of United Kingdom tax 
The Issuer, provided that it continues to be a bank for the purposes of section 991 of the Income Tax Act 
2007 ("ITA 2007") and provided that the interest on the N&C Securities is paid in the ordinary course 
of its business within the meaning of section 878 of ITA 2007, will be entitled to make payments of 
interest without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.  
Payments of interest on the N&C Securities by the Issuer may also be made without deduction of or 
withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that the relevant N&C Securities are, 
and continue to be, either: 
(i) 
listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of ITA 2007 
and admitted to trading on that exchange. The London Stock Exchange is a recognised 
stock exchange. N&C Securities will be treated as listed on the London Stock Exchange 
if they are included in the Official List (within the meaning of and in accordance with 
the provisions of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) and admitted to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange. Provided, therefore, that the N&C Securities 
remain so listed, interest on the N&C Securities will be payable without withholding or 
deduction on account of United Kingdom tax whether or not the Issuer carries on a 
banking business in the United Kingdom and whether or not the interest is paid in the 
ordinary course of its business. Euronext Dublin is also a recognised stock exchange for 
relevant purposes; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility (as defined by Article 4.1.22 of 
Directive 2014/65/EU) operated by an EEA-regulated or UK-regulated recognised stock 
exchange. A recognised stock exchange (designated as such by HMRC) regulated in an 
EEA state or in the UK will be an 'EEA/UK-regulated recognised stock exchange.' 
In addition, interest on the N&C Securities may also be paid by the Issuer without withholding or 
deduction on account of United Kingdom tax where the maturity of the N&C Securities is less than 365 
days and these N&C Securities do not form part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to 
be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 364 days.  
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the N&C Securities 
which have a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate

--- Page 187 ---
Taxation 
181 
 
(currently 20.00 per cent.) subject to any other tax exemptions that may apply. However, where an 
applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in 
relation to a holder of an N&C Security, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the 
holder of an N&C Security without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the 
rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
References to "interest" mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law and do not take into 
account any different meaning which may prevail under any other law or under the terms and conditions. 
Different considerations may apply to payments treated as "annual payments" or "manufactured 
payments". 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax ("SDRT") in respect of the N&C Securities 
A charge to stamp duty or SDRT may, in certain circumstances, arise on the issue, transfer and/or 
settlement of N&C Securities and SDRT may also be payable in relation to any agreement to transfer 
N&C Securities. This will depend upon the Terms and Conditions of the relevant N&C Securities (as 
supplemented by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, as amended and 
supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement). N&C Securityholders should take their own advice 
from an appropriately qualified professional adviser in this regard.  
2. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the N&C Securities. The summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant 
to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the N&C Securities. The summary relates only to the position 
of Irish withholding taxes on the N&C Securities. 
The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the N&C Securities should consult 
their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and 
disposition of the N&C Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (i.e. interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess of one 
year), at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made 
over a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient), at 
the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.); and 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by Irish 
tax-resident companies, at the standard prescribed rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent. to 
be increased to 25 per cent. with effect from 1 January 2020). 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer 
operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the N&C Securities is connected, 
nor are the N&C Securities held in Ireland through a depository, or otherwise located in Ireland, then to 
the extent that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the N&C Securities, such payments 
should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct 
any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the 
N&C Securities. 
Separately, under current law for as long as the N&C Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a 
purchaser of the N&C Securities should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from 
a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the N&C Securities.

--- Page 188 ---
Taxation 
182 
 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any N&C Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent 
in Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of the N&C Securities may be subject to Irish 
encashment tax at the standard rate of Irish tax (currently 20 per cent.), unless it is proved, on a claim 
made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the 
N&C Securities entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish 
tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be 
income of another person that is resident in Ireland. 
3. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") treats a "dividend equivalent" 
payment as a dividend from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. 
U.S. withholding tax. A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made 
pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent 
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, 
(ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" or a "specified equity-linked 
instrument" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment 
of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) and (ii). U.S. 
Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) 
Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the N&C Securities with respect to 
amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a N&C 
Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security, 
based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) 
withholding regime (making such N&C Security a "Specified N&C Security"). Certain exceptions to 
this withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on, or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the Specified Security. If the underlying 
U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, 
withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified N&C Security does not provide for 
payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer or a withholding agent may withhold 
the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the N&C Securities in respect of any dividend equivalent 
arising with respect to such N&C Securities regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a 
non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). 
A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required 
information is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or 
paid at all. Among other things, a non-U.S. holder may not receive the necessary information to properly 
claim a refund for excess withholding taxes remitted in respect of its N&C Security for purposes of 
claiming a refund. In addition, a non-U.S. holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the holder to 
take a credit for U.S. withholding taxes related to the dividend equivalent amount. If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent 
will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified N&C Securities issued on or after 1 January 
2017. If the terms of a N&C Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax 
purposes) the N&C Security generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such 
modification for the purposes of determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, 
whether such N&C Security is a Specified Security. Similarly, if additional N&C Securities of the same 
series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of N&C Securities out of 
inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the 
existing N&C Securities are Specified N&C Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. 
Consequently, a previously out of scope N&C Security, might be treated as a Specified N&C Security 
following such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified N&C Securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
underlying U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the

--- Page 189 ---
Taxation 
183 
 
relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to 
withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) 
in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that N&C Securities are 
Specified N&C Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to such N&C Securities. A non-U.S. holder of Specified N&C 
Securities should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any underlying dividend-paying U.S. 
securities. The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of N&C Securities, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with 
respect to N&C Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of N&C 
Securities may be uncertain. 
Potential investors should note that a N&C Security that in isolation is not a Specified N&C Security 
may nonetheless be subject to Section 871(m) tax if a non-U.S. holder has engaged, or engages, in other 
transactions in respect of a U.S. security or component of an index in connection with the N&C Security. 
A non-U.S. holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of a U.S. security, 
component of an underlying index, or the N&C Securities should consult its own tax advisor regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the N&C Securities and such other transactions. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) to the N&C Securities. 
4. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" 
may be required to withhold on certain payments, including principal and gross proceeds, it makes to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer has registered 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the N&C Securities are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. 
Withholding may apply pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on N&C Securities 
treated as Specified N&C Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) as described under "U.S. Dividend 
Equivalent Withholding" above. For N&C Securities that are not treated as Specified N&C Securities, 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register and N&C Securities issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which such final regulations are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer or change in terms) 
and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, if additional N&C Securities (as described 
under "General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities – Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued N&C Securities are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all such N&C Securities, including those N&C Securities offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
The effective date for withholding on "foreign passthru payments" above reflects proposed U.S. Treasury 
regulations ("Proposed FATCA Regulations"). The Proposed FATCA Regulations also eliminate 
FATCA withholding on gross proceeds from the disposition of, or final payments, redemptions, or other 
principal payments made in respect of, an instrument that may produce U.S. source interest or dividends. 
The discussion above assumes that the Proposed FATCA Regulations will be finalised in their current 
form. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the N&C Securities. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an

--- Page 190 ---
Taxation 
184 
 
IGA with respect to payments on the N&C Securities, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 191 ---
Important Notice to Purchasers and Transferees of N&C Securities 
185 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND TRANSFEREES OF N&C SECURITIES 
The N&C Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable 
state securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Trading in the N&C Securities 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"). No N&C Securities, or 
interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person. 
Offers, sales, resales or deliveries of the N&C Securities, or interests therein, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons would constitute a violation of United 
States securities laws unless made in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
or any applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. In addition, in the absence 
of relief from the CFTC, offers, sales, resales, transfers, pledges or deliveries of the N&C Securities, or 
interests therein, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons, may constitute a violation of United States law governing commodities trading. 
As used herein, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and "U.S. Person" 
means (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a 
"U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA, (iii) a person other than a 
"Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a "United States person" as defined in 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, in 
each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (each such 
person, a "U.S. Person"). 
Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted N&C Securities and Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of the N&C Securities will, by its purchase of the N&C Securities, be deemed to 
acknowledge, represent and agree as follows: 
(a) 
that trading in the N&C Securities has not been and will not be approved by the CFTC under 
the CEA; 
(b) 
that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, redeem, transfer or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, any N&C Securities so purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. Person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer 
or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person who is a U.S. Person; 
(c) 
that it is not purchasing any N&C Securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. Person; 
(d) 
that it will not make offers, sales, resales, trades, pledges, redemptions, transfers or deliveries 
of any N&C Securities (otherwise acquired), directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any person who is a U.S. Person; 
(e) 
that it will send each Person who purchases N&C Securities from it a written confirmation 
(which shall include the definitions of United States and U.S. Person set forth herein) stating 
that the N&C Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act under 
the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, that trading in the N&C 
Securities has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA and stating that such purchaser 
agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade, pledge, redeem, transfer or deliver any 
of such N&C Securities, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any person who is a U.S. Person; and 
(f) 
that no U.S. Person or person in the United States may at any time trade or maintain a position 
in the N&C Securities.

--- Page 192 ---
Subscription and Sale 
186 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated on or about 3 
December 2019 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which the Issuer may from time to time agree to 
issue N&C Securities. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the N&C 
Securities", "General Terms and Conditions of the N&C Securities". In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the issue of 
N&C Securities under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. The price and amount of N&C Securities to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. The N&C Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Programme 
Agreement also provides for N&C Securities to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. If a Tranche of N&C Securities is syndicated, the details 
of such syndication will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C 
Securities, Pricing Supplement. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of N&C Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, Pricing Supplement may over-allot or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the N&C Securities of the Series (as 
defined below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of N&C 
Securities is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of N&C Securities and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of N&C Securities. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
1. 
United States of America 
The N&C Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or directly or 
indirectly offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered to, or for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. Persons (as defined below) except in accordance with Regulation 
S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Except as otherwise provided, terms used in 
the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
A "U.S. Person" means (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), (iii) a person other than a "Non-
United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a "United States person" as defined 
in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time (each such person, a "U.S. Person"). 
N&C Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. Persons, except in certain 
circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury 
regulations thereunder.

--- Page 193 ---
Subscription and Sale 
187 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement 
will be required to agree, that except as permitted by the Programme Agreement: (a) it has not 
offered, sold or delivered N&C Securities and it will not offer, sell or deliver N&C Securities 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise (except for Permanently Restricted 
N&C Securities) until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all N&C Securities of 
the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons 
and only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S and (b) that it will not at any time offer, 
sell or deliver Permanently Restricted N&C Securities, or any interest therein, within the United 
States or to, or for the benefit or account of, U.S. Persons, and it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases N&C Securities from it or through it during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the N&C Securities 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons. 
Interests in the Immobilised Bearer N&C Securities are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States to persons other than U.S. Persons ("foreign purchasers", which term includes 
dealers or other professional fiduciaries in the United States acting on a discretionary basis for 
foreign beneficial owners, other than an estate or trust) pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Permanently Restricted N&C Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, resold traded, 
pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person and may not be legally or beneficially owned at 
any time by any U.S. Person. Accordingly, Permanently Restricted N&C Securities may only 
be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons pursuant to Regulation S. Any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or 
delivery of Permanently Restricted N&C Securities made, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
Except as otherwise provided, terms used in this United States sub-section of "Selling 
Restrictions" have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all N&C Securities 
comprising any Tranche, an offer or sale of N&C Securities within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Each issuance of Exempt N&C Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance of such 
N&C Securities, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
2. 
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant N&C Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any N&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 194 ---
Subscription and Sale 
188 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the N&C Securities to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the N&C Securities. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant N&C Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each, a "Relevant State" each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of N&C 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that 
it may make an offer of N&C Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the N&C Securities specify that an offer of those N&C 
Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such N&C Securities which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Issue Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purposes 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of N&C Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
or a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression: 
• 
an "offer of N&C Securities to the public" in relation to any N&C Securities in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the N&C Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the N&C Securities; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended). 
3. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 (financial promotion) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of

--- Page 195 ---
Subscription and Sale 
189 
 
any N&C Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if 
they were not authorised persons, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any N&C Securities in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
4. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that (and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that) it has not offered, 
sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the N&C Securities, or 
do anything in Ireland in respect of the N&C Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of: 
(a) 
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, as amended, (the "2014 Act"), the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any code of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) 
of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended, or any regulations issued 
pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of 
Ireland, as amended; 
(b) 
the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any delegated or implementing acts 
adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the 
Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland, and any other rules 
made or guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of 
Ireland; 
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland, 
as amended, including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) (the "MiFID Regulations") and 
in connection with the MiFID Regulations, any applicable codes of conduct or rules, 
conditions or requirements, or any other enactment imposed or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998, as 
amended; 
(d) 
all applicable provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
and in connection with the foregoing, all relevant implementing measures, delegated 
acts and guidance, and is operating within the terms of any authorisation thereunder; 
and 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
April 2014 on market abuse, as amended, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal 
sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU) and the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland, as amended, and any Irish market abuse law as 
defined in those Regulations or the 2014 Act and any rules made or guidance issued by 
the Central Bank of Ireland in connection therewith, including any rules made or 
guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection with the foregoing, 
including any rules made or guidelines issued under section 1370 of the 2014 Act, and 
that in connection with offers or sales of the N&C Securities, it has only issued or 
passed on, and will only issue or pass on, in Ireland, any document received by it in 
connection with the issue of the N&C Securities to persons who are persons to whom 
the documents may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on. 
as each of the forgoing may be amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced from 
time to time. 
5. 
General 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, with the Issuer that it will observe all applicable laws and regulations in any jurisdiction 
in which it may offer, sell or deliver N&C Securities and that it will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer, sell or deliver N&C Securities or distribute or publish this document, any prospectus,

--- Page 196 ---
Subscription and Sale 
190 
 
circular, advertisement or other offering material (including, without limitation, any supplement 
to this document) in relation to the N&C Securities in or from any country of jurisdiction except 
under circumstances that will to best of its knowledge and belief result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations, and all offers, sales and deliveries of N&C Securities by it will 
be made on the foregoing terms. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represents by virtue of this Base Prospectus that N&C 
Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The restrictions on offerings may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will, in the 
case of Exempt N&C Securities, be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement, applicable to 
each Series of N&C Securities or in a supplement to this document. 
6. 
Disclaimer 
As a result of the foregoing restrictions, purchasers of N&C Securities are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such N&C 
Securities. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, no offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries 
of any N&C Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating to any N&C Securities, 
may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the Issuer 
or the Dealers.

--- Page 197 ---
General Information 
191 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://www.santander.co.uk/about-santander/investor-relations or, in the case of the documents 
listed at (i) below, on the website of Companies House at https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/ 
and in the case of the documents listed at (viii) below, in physical form during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the articles of association of Santander UK and the special resolution dated 18 December 
2009 of Santander UK; 
(ii) 
September 2020 Quarterly Management Statement; 
(iii) 
the 2020 Half Yearly Report; 
(iv) 
the 2019 Audited Financial Statements;  
(v) 
the 2018 Audited Financial Statements; 
(vi) 
the most recently published annual report and accounts containing the consolidated and 
non-consolidated audited annual financial statements and, if published later, the most 
recently published interim financial results (which are produced on a semi-annual basis) 
containing interim consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements (if any) and 
the most recently published and publicly available unaudited quarterly management 
statement (if any) (which are produced on a quarterly basis) of Santander UK, as the 
same may be amended from time to time;  
(vii) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of Global N&C Securities, N&C 
Securities in definitive form, Receipts, Coupons and Talons), the N&C Securities 
Depository Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (save that such documents will only 
be available for inspection by a relevant holder of N&C Securities and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of 
N&C Securities and its identity); 
(viii) this Base Prospectus; 
(ix) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein 
or therein by reference; 
(x) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche or Series of N&C Securities that are listed on the 
official list of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchanges;  
(xi) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 57 to 134 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 
December 2019 relating to Santander UK's Notes and Certificates programme.  
2. 
Clearance Systems 
The N&C Securities in bearer and registered form have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Bearer N&C Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt N&C 
Securities). If the N&C Securities are to clear through an additional or alternative clearance 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The

--- Page 198 ---
General Information 
192 
 
address of Clearstream, Frankfurt is Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 
5SB. 
3. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
Santander UK Group (including Santander UK) since 30 September 2020 and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Santander UK plc since 31 December 2019 (being 
the date of its last published audited consolidated annual financial statements). 
4. 
Litigation  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or had, in the 12 
months prior to the date hereof, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Santander UK Group or Santander UK plc and its subsidiaries. 
5. 
Independent Auditors 
In respect of the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference herein for the years 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019, the auditors of such financial statements are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP 
of 
1 
Embankment 
Place, 
London 
WC2N 
6RH. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales.  
6. 
U.S. Tax Legend 
N&C Securities in bearer form and the relevant Receipts, Coupons or Talons will bear the 
following legend where TEFRA D is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code." 
7. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the "Act") provides, inter alia, that persons 
who are not parties to a contract governed by the laws of England and Wales may be given 
enforceable rights under such contract. Unless specifically provided in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, Pricing Supplement) to the contrary this 
Programme expressly excludes the application of the Act to any issue of N&C Securities under 
the Programme. 
8. 
Post-Issuance Information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt N&C Securities, Pricing 
Supplement), the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to 
any issue of N&C Securities. 
9. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate N&C Securities, an indication of the yield in respect 
of such N&C Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated 
at the Issue Date of the N&C Securities on the basis of the relevant Issue Price using the formula 
below. It is not an indication of future yield. 
𝑃= 𝐶
𝑟(1 −(1 + 𝑟)−𝑛) + 𝐴(1 + 𝑟)−𝑛 
Where: 
P = the Issue Price of the N&C Securities;

--- Page 199 ---
General Information 
193 
 
C = the annualised interest amount; 
A = the principal amount of N&C Securities due on redemption; 
N = the time to maturity in years; and 
r = the annualised yield. 
10. 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of N&C Securities  
Certain Tranches of N&C Securities with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. Any such offer is referred 
to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits 
Non-exempt Offers of N&C Securities in each Relevant State in relation to which the Issuer has 
given its consent as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Relevant State a 
"Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as 
provided below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
11. 
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus, in relation 
to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any such N&C Securities in a Non-exempt Offer 
made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during 
the Consent Period and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use 
of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out 
under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory 
or securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or 
any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not 
consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any 
Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent 
of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of 
the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered N&C Securities by a person 
which is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, 
if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether they can rely on this Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents they should take legal advice.

--- Page 200 ---
General Information 
194 
 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of N&C Securities and subject to the conditions set out below 
under "Common Conditions to Consent": 
Specific consent 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such N&C Securities by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
Santander 
UK's 
website 
(http://www.santander.co.uk/uk/about-santander-uk/investor-relations/abbey-
structured-note-and-certificate-
programme?p_p_id=W017_Informations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR_W017_Information
s_Clusterportlet_INSTANCE_BdjH5B3K1W8n&p_p_lifecycle=1&p_p_state=normal
&p_p_mode=view&p_p_col_id=column-
2&p_p_col_pos=1&p_p_col_count=2&_W017_Informations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR
_W017_Informations_Clusterportlet_INSTANCE_BdjH5B3K1W8n_cidGroupInfo=13
24581833330&_W017_Informations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR_W017_Informations_Cl
usterportlet_INSTANCE_BdjH5B3K1W8n_cidGroupInfo=1324581833105&_W017_I
nformations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR_W017_Informations_Clusterportlet_INSTANCE
_BdjH5B3K1W8n_javax.portlet.action=DFCWLR017InformationsClusterGrouperGet
GroupInfoAction&_W017_Informations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR_W017_Informations
_Clusterportlet_INSTANCE_BdjH5B3K1W8n_base.portlet.view=DFCWLR017Infor
mationsClusterGrouperInitialView&_W017_Informations_Cluster_Grouper_WAR_W
017_Informations_Clusterportlet_INSTANCE_BdjH5B3K1W8n_base.portlet.urlAjax
Ready=true) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer. 
General consent 
If (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
N&C Securities in the United Kingdom and/or Ireland (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) by any other financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the FSMA, or other applicable legislation 
implementing MiFID II (in which regard, Investors should consult the register 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority at: www.fsa.gov.uk/register/home.do or 
the applicable register in the Relevant State to which a Non-exempt Offer is made); 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of 
relevant N&C Securities] (the "N&C Securities") described in the Final Terms dated 
[insert date] (the "Final Terms ") published by Santander UK plc (the "Issuer"). In 
consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus 
(as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the N&C Securities in [the 
United Kingdom] [and] [the Republic of Ireland] [delete as applicable] during the 
Consent Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in 
the Base Prospectus (the "Offer"), we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that 
we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Offer accordingly".

--- Page 201 ---
General Information 
195 
 
12. 
Authorised Offeror Terms 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus that 
the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer: 
(A) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules"), including, where the Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities 
is being made in the United Kingdom, the Rules published by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (including its guidance for distributors in "The 
Responsibilities of Providers and Distributors for the Fair Treatment of 
Customers") from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the 
N&C Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(B) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(C) 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under any "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or otherwise communicated to the Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below) by the Issuer; 
(D) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of 
the N&C Securities does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the 
Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(E) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the N&C Securities under the Rules, 
including, where a Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities is being made in the 
United Kingdom, authorisation under the FSMA; 
(F) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
"know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, 
in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each 
potential Investor prior to initial investment in any N&C Securities by the 
Investor), and will not permit any application for N&C Securities in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(G) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by 
the Rules, make such records available to the Issuer, relevant Dealer or directly 
to the Financial Conduct Authority (or the appropriate authority with jurisdiction 
over any Dealer) in order to enable the Issuer or relevant Dealer to comply with 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" 
Rules applying to the Issuer or relevant Dealer; 
(H) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
(I) 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects;

--- Page 202 ---
General Information 
196 
 
(J) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions 
to Consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror 
Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(K) 
make available to each potential Investor in the N&C Securities this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) and not convey 
or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this 
Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
(L) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or 
any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the 
Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, 
clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that such 
financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the 
Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such 
communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accept any 
responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or 
publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or 
logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer 
as issuer of the relevant N&C Securities on the basis set out in this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented at the relevant time; 
(M) 
ensure that no holder of N&C Securities or potential Investor in the N&C 
Securities shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary 
under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any 
such obligations so arising; 
(N) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to 
paragraph (G) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
as is available to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and 
control from time to time, together with such further assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer: 
(1) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the Financial Conduct 
Authority or any other regulator in relation to the N&C Securities, the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(2) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another 
Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in 
rules published by the Financial Conduct Authority and/or any other 
regulator of a competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(3) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time 
to time in relation to the N&C Securities and/or as to allow the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any 
time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(O) 
during the period of the initial offering of the N&C Securities: (i) only sell the 
N&C Securities at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the N&C Securities for

--- Page 203 ---
General Information 
197 
 
settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the Dealer); (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration 
or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale 
of the N&C Securities (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(P) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the N&C 
Securities, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) 
makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory 
clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to 
making any order for the N&C Securities on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(ii) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates 
and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, 
actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised 
thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising 
out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or 
failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been authorised 
for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and 
(iii) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(A) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
(the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(B) 
subject to (D) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
"Dispute") and the Issuer and financial intermediary submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(C) 
for the purposes of (B) above and (D) below, the financial intermediary waives 
any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
(D) 
to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer and the Dealer may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(E) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract 
which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial 
intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (i)(B), (i)(C) and (ii) above are 
together the "Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror".

--- Page 204 ---
General Information 
198 
 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (ii) above who meets the conditions set out 
in (ii) above and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" 
below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt 
Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Consent Period, to publish on its 
website the Acceptance Statement. 
N&C Securities with offer periods continuing beyond the validity of the 2019 Base Prospectus  
The offer period during which a Non-Exempt Offer of the N&C Securities identified in the table below 
(the "Legacy N&C Securities") will be made extends beyond the validity of the 2019 Base Prospectus. 
Following the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, such Non-Exempt Offers 
will continue under this Base Prospectus until the later of the end of the relevant offer period or, if 
applicable, the date of listing of the Legacy N&C Securities on a regulated market (such later date in 
respect of the relevant Series of Legacy N&C Securities, the "Relevant Later Date"). 
The 2019 Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of each Series of Legacy N&C Securities are available 
for viewing at the website specified in the column entitled "Relevant Website" in the row corresponding 
to such Series of Legacy N&C Securities in the table below (the "Relevant Website"). Following 
approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, a new set of Final Terms will be 
published at the Relevant Website in respect of each Series of Legacy N&C Securities. From and 
including the date on which this Base Prospectus is approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, full 
information on the Issuer, and the offer of the Legacy N&C Securities shall only be available on the basis 
of the combination of the Final Terms and this Base Prospectus. 
ISIN 
Relevant Website 
XS2238784826 
https://www.santander.co.uk/assets/s3fs-public/documents/issue_1180-
signed.pdf 
13. 
Common Conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in the context of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer of N&C Securities are (in addition to the conditions described in 
paragraph 12(ii) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Consent Period; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the 
relevant Tranche of N&C Securities in each Relevant State, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of N&C Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer 
in the Relevant State(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
As used herein, "Consent Period" means the period beginning on the start date of the relevant 
Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and ending on the earliest of (i) the end 
date of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the date occurring 
12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus or (iii) in the event that the Base Prospectus is 
superseded by a base prospectus of the Issuer which is approved and published by the Issuer 
during the relevant Offer Period (a "New Base Prospectus") and the Issuer has amended, 
restated and issued the applicable Final Terms pursuant to the New Base Prospectus, the date 
on which such amended and restated Final Terms are published. 
An Investor intending to purchase or purchasing an N&C Securities in a Non-Exempt 
Offer from an Authorised Offeror will do so and offers and sales of such N&C Securities 
to an Investor by such Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the offer in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including arrangements in relation to price, allocations, expenses and settlement. The 
Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investors in connection with

--- Page 205 ---
General Information 
199 
 
the Non-Exempt Offer or sale of the N&C Securities concerned and accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The relevant 
information will be provided by the Authorise Offeror at the time of such offer. Neither 
the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer has any responsibility or liability to 
an Investor in respect of the information described above.

--- Page 206 ---
200 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
2 Triton Square 
Regent's Place 
London  NW1 3AN 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Santander UK plc 
2 Triton Square 
Regent's Place 
London  NW1 3AN 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A. London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London  E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
 
 
PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
BOOK-ENTRY 
DEPOSITARY/CUSTODIAN 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Citibank, N.A. London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London  E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 DO2 X576 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealer as to English law 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London  E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Irish Law 
McCann FitzGerald 
Tower 42, Level 38C 
25 Old Broad Street 
London  EC2N 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1 Embankment Place 
London  WC2N 6RH 
United Kingdom