--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SANTANDER CONSUMER BANK AS 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Norway) 
€2,500,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
This base prospectus (this "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament  and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. The approval of this Base Prospectus by the Central Bank 
should not be considered as an endorsement of Santander Consumer Bank AS (the "Issuer") or the quality of the securities that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.  
Such approval relates only to notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described 
in this Base Prospectus by the Issuer  during the period of twelve months after the date hereof and which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or which are offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA") in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Applications have been made to Euronext Dublin 
to admit Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. This Base Prospectus will be valid 
until 20 July 2023 in relation to Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.  
There are certain risks related to any issue of Notes under the Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand (see 
"Risk Factors" on pages 5 to 30 of this Base Prospectus).  
The Notes may only be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”). Bearer Notes may be issued in new global note form (“New Global 
Note” or “NGN”) or classic global note form (“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be 
represented by a temporary Global Notes (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or in the permanent Global Notes (each a “Permanent 
Global Note” together with a Temporary Global Note, each a “Global Note”), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, which, in each case, will (i) if the Global Note are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); or (ii) if the Global Note are intended to be 
issued in CGN, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (“Common 
Depositary”) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or as otherwise agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Interests in Temporary Global Instruments will be exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global Instrument or, if so stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, for definitive Bearer Notes (the “Definitive Notes”) after the date falling 40 days after the issue date upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, interests in Permanent Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.  
Tranches (as defined herein) of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. If a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as defined below. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Each of Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has rated the Issuer. In addition, the 
Programme has been rated A3 (Senior Preferred Notes, as defined herein), Baa2 (Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as defined herein) and 
Baa2 (Subordinated Notes, as defined herein) by Moody's and A (Senior Preferred Notes) by Fitch. Fitch is established in the EEA 
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority ("ESMA") on its website, 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating Fitch 
has given to the Programme has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's is established in the UK and is registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
on the Financial Services Register published by the UK Financial Conduct Authority, on its website https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. The 
rating Moody's has given to the Programme has been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under 
EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, which are administered by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI"), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS ("NORE"), Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility ("SFBF") and Danish Financial 
Benchmark Facility ("DFBF"), respectively. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI, NORE and DFBF are included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions of Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply to SFBF, such that they are not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and the securities laws of the applicable state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Danske Bank 
Crédit Agricole CIB

--- Page 3 ---
DNB Bank ASA 
Deutsche Bank 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING 
HSBC 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nordea 
Nykredit Bank 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking (SCIB) 
SEB 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Swedbank AB 
 
 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 July 2022

--- Page 4 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Santander Consumer Bank AS (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and any relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, and declares that, to the best of 
its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this 
Base Prospectus contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus 
and each Final Terms may only be used for the purposes for which they have been published. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; 
that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, 
the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositories Regulation of the EU, a trade 
in the secondary markets within the EU generally is required to settle in two business days unless the parties 
to such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests in Notes in the 
EU on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day will likely be required, by virtue of the 
fact that the Notes initially will likely settle on a settlement cycle longer than two business days, to specify 
an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent failed settlement.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto, 
or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial 
performance or financial position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 5 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities 
Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements in the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, constitutes 
an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €2,500,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S. $", "USD", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" 
are to United States dollars, references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the single currency of participating 
Member States of the European Union, references to "£" are to pounds sterling, and references to "NOK" 
are to Norwegian Krone.   
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Language 
The language of the prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Tranches of Notes 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
(or which has applied for registration and not been refused) under the EU CRA Regulation and/or under 
the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is

--- Page 6 ---
- iii - 
 
 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Drawdown Prospectus, all Notes shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018")) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Product and the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental assessment of any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or similar labels.   None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds nor the impact or monitoring of such use 
of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds nor is any such opinion or certification a 
recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are 
intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the 
Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 31 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 33 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 81 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 97 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION .................................................................................................... 106 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 114 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 120

--- Page 8 ---
OVERVIEW 
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus.  This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision 
to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including any 
information incorporated by reference. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300A08LH2961IPN13 
Parent Company: 
Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. 
Issuer Group: 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer has branches in both Denmark and 
Sweden as well as a wholly owned subsidiary in Finland. 
Santander Group: 
The Issuer belongs to the consolidated group of credit institutions, the 
parent company of which is Banco Santander, S.A. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors". 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S, 
Deutsche Bank AG, DNB Bank ASA, Goldman Sachs International, 
HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Natixis, NatWest Markets 
N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, Nykredit Bank A/S, Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), Société Générale, Swedbank AB (publ), Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ), UniCredit Bank AG, and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Issue and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Listing Agent: 
Matheson LLP 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as 
supplemented and/or amended in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer.

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in a New Global Note , as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be deposited on 
or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in a New Global Note, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, for Definitive Notes. 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of 
an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued on a senior preferred, senior non-preferred or 
subordinated basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
other currencies), only be transferred in part if the minimum 
redemption value of that part is £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on their stated Maturity Date at 100 per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
Optional Redemption: 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date 
stated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus unless 
otherwise permitted in writing by the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of the Kingdom of Norway (or successor authority exercising 
supervision with respect to prudential matters of the Issuer from time 
to time) (the "Relevant Regulator"). 
Subordinated Notes – 
Regulatory Call: 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify that 
Regulatory Call is applicable, if a Regulatory Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem Subordinated 
Notes subject to the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator 
(and as further provided in Condition 5.7). 
MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption: 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 5.8 applies, if 
an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be (subject, in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, to the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator). 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted if the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay certain additional amounts in respect of the Notes as a 
result of any change in the tax laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
Regulatory Event – 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specify that 
Condition 5.9 applies, if at any time a Regulatory Event occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.18, 
(if, and to the extent so required), either substitute all (but not some 
only) Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities, as further provided in 
Condition 5.9. 
MREL Disqualification Event – 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 5.10 applies, if 
at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, 
the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.18 (if 
applicable and to the extent so required), either substitute all (but not 
some only) Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) for, or vary their terms so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities 
(as defined in Condition 5.10, as further provided in Condition 5.10.

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Substitution or Variation for 
tax reasons: 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 5.11 applies, if 
at any time a circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under Condition 5.2 occurs and 
is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5.18 (if applicable and to the extent so required), either substitute all 
(but not some only) the Notes for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities (as defined 
in Condition 5.11, as further provided in Condition 5.11. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes issued under the Programme shall have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). In 
case the Notes issued are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the value of such denomination per Note is, at the date of the issue, 
equivalent to at least €100,000. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued 
in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Cross-Default: 
Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms will have the 
benefit of a cross default as described in Condition 6.1(iii) (Events of 
Default – Cross default) subject to a threshold of U.S.$50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency on the basis of the middle spot rate 
for the relevant currency against the U.S. dollar as quoted by any 
leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Kingdom of Norway unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to customary 
exceptions and, in the case of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, only in respect of the payment of interest) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except for Conditions 3.2, 3.3 and 17.6, and any write-
down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law 
and regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time, which are 
governed by Norwegian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the 
Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 20 July 2022, a 
copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Issue and Paying Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Norway, the 
Kingdom of Spain, Japan, France, Italy, Switzerland, Belgium, 
Singapore, People's Republic of China, Taiwan and Republic of 
Korea. See "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
An investment in the Notes may involve a high degree of risk. In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk 
that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. 
There are a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as the Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified 
in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes and are classified by categories. In each category the risk factors are 
presented in order of the Issuer's estimation of materiality, with the most material risk factor listed first. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are detailed below. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent 
the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer 
to pay any amounts due on or in connection with any Notes or the Deed of Covenant, may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive. In particular, there are certain other risks, which are considered to be less important or 
because they are more general risks they have not been included in this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
CONTENTS OF THE RISK FACTORS 
1. Macro-Economic and Political Risks 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer and the Issuer Group's Business 
3. Risks in relation to the Notes 
Investing in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should 
consider, among other things, the following: 
1. Macro-Economic and Political Risks 
Geographical exposure of the loan book 
As at December 2021, the Issuer Group has branches in both Denmark and Sweden as well as a wholly owned 
subsidiary in Finland (the "Issuer Group"). The Issuer Group's consumer loan and credit card portfolio is 
mainly concentrated in the Nordic countries (the Kingdom of Norway, Finland, Denmark and Sweden, 
together the "Nordic countries"). Adverse changes affecting the economies of the Nordic countries where the 
Issuer Group operates, would likely have a significant adverse impact on the Issuer Group's consumer loan 
and credit card portfolio and, as a result, on its financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
The global covid-19 pandemic has materially impacted the business of the Issuer Group, and the continuance 
of this pandemic or any future outbreak of any other highly contagious diseases or other public health 
emergency, could materially and adversely impact its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of 
operations. 
Since December 2019, the covid-19 pandemic has caused a sharp decline on stock markets, a global slowdown 
in economic activity, and high levels of uncertainty due to its impact on local and global economic activity. 
Measures implemented by governments and regulatory authorities, including central banks, have acted, and 
may further act, to provide relief from the economic and market disruptions resulting from the covid-19 
pandemic, including providing fiscal and monetary stimuli to support the global economy, lowering interest 
rates, and granting partial or total deferral (grace period) of principal and/or interest payments due on loans. 
Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-covid-19 environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in the

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
financial markets, fiscal, tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client behaviour 
have had, and are expected to continue to have, a material and adverse impact on the level of economic activity 
in Norway and the other Nordic countries in which the Issuer Group operates. 
In 2021, high vaccination rates in many countries and a progressive relaxation of health and safety restrictions, 
together with the fiscal and monetary policy measures implemented, have contributed to an increase in 
employment levels and recovery of the global economy generally, with some variations across sectors and 
geographies. However, the pandemic remains dynamic and the emergence of variants resistant to existing 
vaccines remains uncertain. In addition, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the 
macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labour shortages and disruptions of 
global supply chains, that are contributing to rising inflationary pressures. 
If new covid-19 waves force countries to re-adopt measures that restrict economic activity, the macroeconomic 
environment could deteriorate and adversely impact the business and results of operations of the Issuer Group, 
including (i) a continued decreased demand for its products and services; (ii)  further material impairment of 
its loans and other assets including goodwill; (iii) decline in value of collateral; (iv) constraints on its liquidity 
due to market conditions, exchange rates and customer withdrawal of deposits and continued draws on lines 
of credit; and (v) downgrades to its credit ratings. See risk factor entitled 'Credit, market and liquidity risk 
may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Issuer Group and its cost of funds. Any downgrade in 
the credit rating of the Issuer Group would likely increase its cost of funding, require the Issuer Group to post 
additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts and adversely 
affect its interest margins and results of operations.' 
The operations of the Issuer Group could still be impacted by risks from remote working arrangements or bans 
on non-essential activities. For example, some of its offices in affected countries were closed and others 
operated with reduced hours for a significant period of time. During 2020 and 2021, the Issuer Group had 
more than half of its total workforce working remotely, which has increased cybersecurity risks given greater 
use of computer networks outside the corporate environment. In the first quarter of 2022, there was a 
progressive move to return to the office while still maintaining flexibility to work remotely. If the Issuer Group 
becomes unable to successfully operate its business from remote locations including, for example, due to 
failures of its technology infrastructure, increased cybersecurity risks, or governmental restrictions that affect 
its operations, this could result in business disruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on its 
business.  
The military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine may be adversely affect the Issuer by a 
slowdown in one or more of the economies in which the Issuer Group operates, as well as volatile 
macroeconomic and political conditions 
In 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine is contributing to further increases 
in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in financial markets globally, as well as a 
new landscape in relation to international sanctions. In response to the war in Ukraine, European GDP growth 
has been revised downwards. Future revisions of the scenario might show a further deterioration due to war, 
persistence of inflation and supply chain issues, covid-19 in China and tightening of monetary policy.  
The military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine is particularly affecting the automotive 
sector, in addition to the difficulties previously experienced by this sector as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. 
The effects of the semiconductor shortage have extended beyond the automotive sector, with other industrial 
players struggling to secure chips. This highlights the fragility of such supply chains, which largely rely on 
Asia as a hub of semiconductor manufacturing. Some trade routes are also currently closed. Moreover, 
shortages now also affect wire harnesses, of which Ukraine was a major manufacturer, and Russian palladium. 
Several automakers are now operating in crisis mode and new car sales are suffering from this scarcity. Used 
car sales are partially compensating this gap, and prices have sharply increased. On the other hand, the demand 
for cars may be hindered by high inflation and interest rates, closing the supply-demand gap at lower levels. 
The Issuer is especially sensitive to these developments in the automotive sector in light of its business of 
providing financing to consumers for the purchase of automobiles, among other activities of the Issuer Group. 
Also, there is uncertainty as to how the Russian Federation may react to the proposed addition of Sweden and 
Finland as new members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation. Since the Group is active in each of those 
jurisdictions, its business and operations in Sweden and Finland in particular could be adversely impacted by 
any economic, political and/or military reaction by the Russian Federation. Any of the foregoing could have 
a material adverse impact on the financial sector, affecting the Issuer Group's operating results, financial 
position and prospects.

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
Growing protectionism and trade tensions, such as the tensions between the United States and China in recent 
years, could also have a negative impact on the economies of the countries where the Issuer Group operates, 
which would also impact its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
2. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Issuer Group Business  
Legal, regulatory and compliance risks to the business model of the Issuer Group 
The Issuer Group is subject to extensive regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight which could 
adversely affect its business, operations and financial condition. 
As a financial institution, the Issuer Group is subject to extensive regulation, which materially affects its 
businesses. In Norway and the other jurisdictions where the Issuer Group operates, there is continuing 
political, competitive and regulatory scrutiny of the banking industry. The statutes, regulations and policies to 
which the Issuer Group is subject may be therefore changed at any time. In addition, the interpretation and the 
application by regulators of the laws and regulations to which the Issuer Group is subject, may also change 
from time to time. Extensive legislation and implementing regulation affecting the financial services industry 
has recently been adopted in regions that directly or indirectly affect the Issuer Group's business, including 
the Kingdom of Norway, Denmark, Sweden, the Republic of Finland, Spain, the EU and other jurisdictions, 
and further regulations are in the process of being implemented.  The manner in which those laws and related 
regulations are applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. Moreover, to the extent these 
regulations are implemented inconsistently in the various jurisdictions in which the Issuer Group operates, it 
may face higher compliance costs. Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to its 
business operations resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in its 
compliance with such legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit its ability to 
pursue business opportunities in which the Issuer Group might otherwise consider engaging and provide 
certain products and services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Issuer Group to increase its 
prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the 
Issuer Group or otherwise adversely affect its businesses.  
The wide range of regulations, actions and proposals which most significantly affect the Issuer Group, or 
which could most significantly affect the Issuer Group in the future, relate to capital requirements, funding 
and liquidity, which are discussed in further detail below. These and other regulatory reforms adopted or 
proposed in the wake of the financial crisis have increased and may continue to materially increase the Issuer 
Group's operating costs and negatively impact its business model. Furthermore, regulatory authorities have 
substantial discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, and the means available to the regulators, 
have been increasing during recent years. Regulation may be imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and 
regulators in response to a crisis. 
In addition, the volume, granularity, frequency and scale of regulatory and other reporting requirements 
necessitate a clear data strategy to enable consistent data aggregation, reporting and management. Inadequate 
management information systems or processes, including those relating to risk data aggregation and risk 
reporting, could lead to a failure to meet regulatory reporting requirements or other internal or external 
information demands and the Issuer Group may face supervisory measures as a result. 
Increasingly strict capital regulations and potential requirements could have an impact on the functioning of 
the Issuer Group and its businesses 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Issuer's main regulatory challenges. Increasing 
capital requirements may adversely affect the Issuer's profitability and create regulatory risk associated with 
the possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels. 
During recent years, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been taken on an international 
level to raise the quantity and quality of capital and liquidity levels to be held by a financial institution. Among 
such initiatives are the measures developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in response to 
the financial crisis of 2007-2009 (the "Basel III Standards"). The EU began implementing the Basel III 
Standards from 1 January 2014 by the enactment of the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013) ("CRR") and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU) ("CRD IV"). The 
CRR and CRD IV introduced stricter capital requirements on banks with an emphasis on CET1 capital, 
including an additional requirement for both a capital conservation buffer and countercyclical buffer to be met 
with CET1 capital.

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Although Norwegian capital requirements have been largely based on, and materially corresponded to, the 
EU's capital requirements regime in previous years, the CRR and CRD IV were not incorporated into the EEA 
Agreement until 29 March 2019. Following this, national legislation giving effect to the CRR and CRD IV 
for Norwegian institutions entered into force on 31 December 2019, implementing CRR as is and transposing 
into national law the provisions of the CRD IV not already implemented in Norwegian legislation.  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a package of legislative proposals providing for 
reform of the prudential and resolution frameworks for EU banks and credit institutions. These proposals were 
primarily centred around amendments to the CRR and CRD IV and Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms ("BRRD"). Following 
negotiations between the European Commission, the European Parliament and the European Council, the final 
legislation implementing these proposals was published in the EU Official Journal on 7 June 2019. The 
legislation consists of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 ("CRR II"), Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 ("CRD V"), 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 ("BRRD2") and came into force on 27 June 2019 (the "EU Banking Reform 
Legislation"), with certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being 
phased in and/or being subject to national implementation.  
Changes introduced by the EU Banking Reform Legislation include, inter alia, a leverage ratio requirement, 
a net stable funding requirement (NSFR), revisions to the Pillar 2 framework, mandatory restrictions on 
distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools and revisions 
to the MREL framework.  
The EU Banking Reform Legislation has been incorporated into the EEA Agreement and was implemented 
in Norwegian law on 1 June 2022.  
Increased capital requirements, the continuous evolvement of the regulatory landscape and higher demands 
on liquidity have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in the Issuer Group incurring substantial costs 
in monitoring and complying with new requirements. There can be no assurance that the capital requirements 
will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements, which could result 
in the Issuer Group being required to incur the cost of raising more capital, and which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer Group's financial condition, or require the Issuer Group to revise existing business 
models which could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. 
Minimum requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
The BRRD establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
For further details on Norwegian implementation of the BRRD, see "Supervision and Regulation". In addition 
to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime as adopted by the Norwegian 
Parliament prescribes that banks may be required to hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities 
in relation to total liabilities and own funds (known as "MREL"). The MREL requirement shall be calculated 
as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own 
funds of the institution. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, provided, among other requirements, 
that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able 
to be written down or converted under that law (including through contractual provisions). On 3 July 2015, 
the EBA published the final draft technical standards on the criteria for determining MREL, which was 
adopted with certain amendments by the European Commission pursuant to Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, of 23 May. 
On 19 December 2018, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance passed and published the final Norwegian MREL 
requirements (the "MREL Rules"). According to the MREL Rules, the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway (the "FSAN") shall determine a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities that each financial 
institution must comply with. The FSAN has set MREL requirements for 15 of the largest and most complex 
banks. In 2019, the FSAN determined the MREL requirements for nine banks, and for a further six banks in 
2020. The Issuer received its MREL requirement from the FSAN on 2 June 2022, which constitute internal 
MREL requirements and, as such, are to be satisfied within own funds and eligible liabilities issued or owed 
to or held by Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. (the "Parent Company") or Banco Santander, S.A. directly. 
Although the Issuer is required to satisfy the MREL requirement by 1 January 2024, the Issuer has requested 
the FSAN to reconsider the deadline given the reduced prior notice provided. The Issuer shall deliver a plan 
to the FSAN by 1 September 2022 for complying with the MREL requirement by 1 January 2024.

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
In light of the above, new and more demanding additional capital requirements will be applied to the Issuer in 
the future. Additionally, if it is found that there could exist any obstacles to resolvability by the Issuer, a higher 
MREL requirement could be imposed. 
According to the EU Banking Reform Legislation, any failure by an institution to meet the applicable 
minimum MREL requirement is intended to be treated in the same manner as a failure to meet minimum 
regulatory capital requirements (the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments), 
where resolution authorities must ensure that they intervene and place an institution into resolution sufficiently 
early if it is deemed to be failing or likely to fail and there is no reasonable prospect of recovery. 
The Issuer Group may not be able to detect or prevent money laundering and other financial crime activities 
fully or on a timely basis, which could expose it to additional liability and could have a material adverse effect 
on it. 
The Issuer Group is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-terrorism, anti-
bribery and corruption legislation, sanctions and other laws and regulations applicable to it, both domestic and 
international. These regulations are becoming more complex and compliance with them requires automated 
systems, sophisticated monitoring and skilled compliance personnel. These regulations also require banks to 
take enhanced due diligence measures on the understanding that, due to the nature of the activities they carry 
out (e.g. money remittance and foreign currency transactions), they may present a higher risk of money 
laundering or terrorist financing. 
The Issuer Group's ability to comply with the legal requirements depends on its ability to improve detection 
and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability. These require 
implementation and embedding within the Issuer Group's business effective controls and monitoring, which 
in turn requires on-going changes to systems and operational activities. 
There will be instances where the Issuer Group may be used by other parties to engage in money laundering 
and other illegal or improper activities. In addition to the above, financial crime is constantly evolving; 
emerging technologies (such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain) could limit the Issuer Group's ability to track 
the movement of funds; and the Issuer Group relies heavily on its employees and external suppliers to mitigate 
any threat. 
If the Issuer Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, or the 
competent authorities believe that the Issuer Group is not in compliance with the enhanced due diligence 
inherent in its activities, the Issuer Group's regulators and relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability 
and authority to impose significant fines and other penalties on the Issuer Group, including requiring a 
complete review of its business systems, day-to-day supervision by external consultants and ultimately the 
revocation of its banking license. 
Any of the above actions, or the possibility or rumor that any of them may occur, even if not certain, could 
seriously harm the Santander brand and the Issuer Group's reputation, which could have a material adverse 
effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
On 28 June 2019, the FSAN decided to impose an administrative fine of NOK 9 million on the Issuer, which 
was related to a fault in its electronic transaction monitoring system. As a result of this, 1.6 million transactions 
within the sales finance product offered to consumer customers in Norway, and during specific timeslots of 
the day, were not controlled for money laundering between 30 October 2014 and 6 December 2018. The fault 
was detected by the Issuer on 3 December 2018 and was corrected on 6 December 2018, three days after 
having been identified. The Issuer notified the FSAN of the fault in its electronic transaction monitoring 
system on 12 December 2018. After having identified all transactions that had not been checked as a result of 
the fault, the transactions were back checked by the Issuer without any findings related to anti-money 
laundering or counter-terrorism financing. The Issuer has since implemented several measures to improve 
compliance with applicable laws on transaction monitoring and anti-money laundering. Amongst those 
measures, the Issuer has set up a Nordic AML office and has changed the organization structure to include the 
Chief AML Officer as a member of the senior management, who will report directly to the CEO. This measure 
aims to establish clear accountability for the AML & counter-terrorism financing program in the Issuer 
alongside the Board of Directors. In addition to the above, investments and resources have been dedicated to 
develop new systems for transaction monitoring, customer screening, customer risk classification and ongoing 
customer lifecycle management. Improvements have also been done in existing origination systems and 
advanced AML training programs have been rolled across the Nordic organization.

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Liquidity and Funding Risks  
Liquidity and Funding Risks are inherent in the Issuer Group's business and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer Group. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer Group either does not have available sufficient financial resources to 
meet its obligations as they fall due or can secure them only at excessive cost. This risk is inherent in any retail 
and commercial banking business and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including 
over-reliance on a particular source of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as 
market dislocation, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as unforeseen systemic market 
factors. Constraints in the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, could materially and adversely 
affect the cost of funding the Issuer Group's business, and extreme liquidity constraints may affect the Issuer 
Group's current operations and its ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements, as well as limit growth 
possibilities. 
The Issuer Group's cost of obtaining funding is directly related to prevailing interest rates and to its credit 
spreads. Credit spreads are defined as the excess return offered by corporate bonds, in this case those of the 
Issuer Group, compared to Treasury bonds of the same maturity. Increases in interest rates and/or in the Issuer 
Group's credit spreads can significantly increase the cost of its funding. Credit spreads are market-driven and 
may be influenced by market perceptions of the Issuer Group's creditworthiness. Changes to interest rates and 
the Issuer Group's credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. 
The Issuer Group relies, and will continue to rely, primarily on retail deposits to fund lending activities. The 
Issuer's deposits from customers as of 31 December 2021 was NOK 73,304 million. The ongoing availability 
of this type of funding is sensitive to a variety of factors beyond the Issuer Group's control, such as general 
economic conditions and the confidence of retail depositors in the economy and in the financial services 
industry, and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees, as well as competition for deposits between 
banks or with other products, such as mutual funds. Any of these factors could lead to significant withdrawals 
of retail deposits in a short period of time, thereby reducing the Issuer Group's ability to access retail deposit 
funding on appropriate terms, or at all, in the future. If these circumstances were to arise, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer Group is partly financed through deposits, loans, drawing rights and hybrid capital from the Parent 
Company and companies within the Santander Group. Such loans are priced at prevailing market rates. Whilst 
the Issuer Group is taking steps to diversify its funding sources it remains reliant on such financing 
arrangements with the Parent Company. Lack of liquidity in the interbank market and subsequent increases in 
the cost of funding are likely to raise the costs of funding for the Parent Company group and therefore, in turn, 
for the Issuer Group. 
The Issuer cannot assure that in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking system, 
the Issuer Group will be able to maintain levels of funding without incurring high funding costs, a reduction 
in the term of funding Notes or the liquidation of certain assets. If this were to happen, the Issuer Group could 
be materially adversely affected. 
The liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") measures the Issuer Group's liquidity risk profile, ensuring that it has 
encumbered high-quality assets that can be easily and immediately liquidated in the financial markets, without 
being susceptible to a significant loss of value. The regulatory requirement for the LCR is 100 per cent for 
EUR, SEK and DKK, and 50 per cent for NOK. The Issuer has an internal LCR requirement of 115% on a 
consolidated level and keeps sufficient buffers to account for uncertainties in the forecasts. At 31 December 
2021, the LCR ratio of the Issuer Group was 144%. The net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") provides a 
sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in 
relation to their activities. At the end of 2021, the NSFR ratio of the Issuer Group stood at 110%. 
Credit, market and liquidity risk may have an adverse effect on the credit ratings of the Issuer Group and its 
cost of funds. Any downgrade in the credit rating of the Issuer Group would likely increase its cost of funding, 
require the Issuer Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and 
other contracts and adversely affect its interest margins and results of operations. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer Group is able to obtain funding. Rating 
agencies regularly evaluate the Issuer Group, and their ratings of its debt are based on a number of factors, 
including its financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry.

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
There is no certainty that the rating agencies will maintain their current ratings or their outlook. 
Any downgrade in the Issuer Group's debt credit ratings would likely increase its borrowing costs and require 
the Issuer Group to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other 
contracts, and could limit its access to capital markets and adversely affect the Issuer Group's commercial 
business. For example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect the Issuer Group's ability to sell or market 
some of its products, engage in certain longer-term and derivatives transactions and retain its customers, 
particularly customers who need a minimum rating threshold in order to invest. Any of these results of a 
ratings downgrade could reduce the Issuer Group's liquidity and have an adverse effect on the Issuer Group, 
including its operating results and financial condition. 
The Issuer has the following ratings by the following major rating agencies: 
While certain potential impacts of these downgrades are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences 
of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon numerous factors and assumptions. 
Although unsecured and secured funding stresses are included in the Issuer Group's stress testing scenarios 
and a portion of the Issuer Group's total liquid assets is held against these risks, a credit rating downgrade 
could still have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group. 
In addition, if the Issuer Group were required to cancel its derivatives contracts with certain counterparties 
and were unable to replace such contracts, the Issuer Group's market risk profile could be altered. 
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, 
the future evolution of the Issuer Group's ratings is linked, to a large extent, to the macroeconomic outlook, to 
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic (including, for example, a new wave, new lockdowns, etc.), and to other 
potential adverse crisis scenario, on the asset quality, profitability and capital of the Issuer Group. Failure to 
maintain favourable ratings and outlooks could increase the Issuer Group's cost of funding and adversely affect 
interest margins, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group. 
Credit risk 
The credit quality of the loan portfolio of the Issuer Group may deteriorate and the Issuer Group's loan loss 
reserves could be insufficient to cover its loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Group. 
Non-performing or low credit quality loans have in the past negatively impacted its results of operations and 
could do so in the future. In particular, the amount of its reported non-performing loans ("NPL") may increase 
in the future as a result of growth in the Issuer Group's total loan portfolio, including as a result of loan 
portfolios that the Issuer Group may acquire in the future (the credit quality of which may turn out to be worse 
than it had anticipated), or factors beyond the Issuer Group's control, such as adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the Issuer Group's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in economic conditions 
in the regions where the Issuer Group operate or in global economic and political conditions including as a 
result of the covid-19 pandemic. 
In line with these risks, the Issuer makes accounting provisions annually. The Issuer Group's loan loss reserves, 
totaling NOK 5,015 million as of 31 December 2021, are based on current assessments of and expectations 
concerning various factors affecting the quality of the Issuer Group’s loan portfolio. These factors include, 
among other things, the financial condition of the Issuer Group’s borrowers, their capacity and willingness to 
service the loans, the value of any collateral, the prospects of any guarantor remedying any default, 
government macroeconomic policies, interest rates and legal and regulatory environment. Since many of these 
estimates include factors which are beyond the Issuer Group’s control and there is no precise method for 
predicting loan and credit losses, the Issuer Group cannot assure that its current or future loan loss reserves 
will be sufficient to cover actual losses. If the Issuer Group's assessment of and expectations concerning the 
above-mentioned factors differ from actual developments, if the quality of the Issuer Group's total loan 
portfolio deteriorates, for any reason, or if the future actual losses exceed the Issuer Group's estimates of 
Rating agency 
Long 
term 
Short term 
Last report date 
Outlook 
Fitch 
A- 
F2 
April 2022 
Stable 
Moody's 
A3 
P2 
January 2021 
Stable

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
expected losses, the Issuer Group may be required to increase its loan loss reserves, which may adversely 
affect the Issuer Group. 
 
The loan portfolio of the Issuer Group is concentrated in Norway, Finland, Sweden and Denmark. On 31 
December 2021, Norway accounted for 34% of the Issuer's Group's total gross lending before expected losses, 
Sweden for 27%, Finland for 20%, and Denmark for 19%. Accordingly, the recoverability of these loan 
portfolios in particular, and the Issuer Group's ability to increase the amount of loans outstanding and the 
Issuer Group's results of operations and financial condition in general, are dependent to a significant extent on 
the level of economic activity in continental Europe. 
At 31 December 2021, the Issuer Group's credit risk (which includes gross loans and advances to customers, 
guarantees and documentary credits) amounted to NOK 175,588 million (NOK 181,267 million at 31 
December 2020). The Issuer Group's NPL ratio stood at 3.08 per cent. (2.74 per cent. at 31 December 2020). 
At 31 December 2021, the geographic spread of the Issuer Group's total gross loans to customers (NOK 
175,588 million) portfolio was as follows: 
Norway: 
NOK 59,277 million 
Sweden: 
NOK 47,540 million 
Denmark: 
NOK 33,486 million 
Finland: 
NOK 35,285 million 
As a result, if the economies of the Nordic countries in which the Issuer Group operates fall into recession, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's loan portfolio and, consequently, its financial 
position, cash flow and operating profit. 
The Issuer Group's NPL ratio increased slightly from 2.74 per cent. at 31 December 2020 to 3.08 per cent. at 
31 December 2021, and the Issuer Group can provide no assurance that its NPL ratio will not further increase 
as a result of the aforementioned and other factors.  Consumer confidence, unemployment rates and housing 
indicators are among the factors that often impact consumer spending behaviour, and poor economic 
conditions could in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
The value of the collateral securing the loans of the Issuer Group may fluctuate or decrease due to factors 
beyond its control, and the Issuer Group may be unable to realise the full value of the collateral securing its 
loan portfolio.  
The value of the collateral securing the loan portfolio of the Issuer Group may fluctuate or decline due to 
factors beyond the Issuer Group's control, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and macroeconomic 
factors affecting Europe. The value of the collateral securing its loan portfolio may be adversely affected by 
force majeure events, such as natural disasters, which could impair the asset quality of the Issuer Group's loan 
portfolio and have an adverse impact on the economy of the affected region. The Issuer Group may also not 
have sufficiently recent information on the value of collateral, which may result in an inaccurate assessment 
for impairment losses of the Issuer Group's loans secured by such collateral. If any of the above were to occur, 
the Issuer Group may need to make additional provisions to cover actual impairment losses of its loans, which 
may materially and adversely affect the Issuer Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
Market risk  
The Issuer Group's financial results are constantly exposed to market risk. The Issuer Group is subject to 
fluctuations in interest rates and other market risks, which may materially and adversely affect the Issuer 
Group and its profitability. 
Even though the Issuer Group does not have direct exposures to Russian or Ukraine geographies, the recent 
military conflict between both countries, together with the covid-19 pandemic evolution, may materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer Group and its banking book, given the high market volatility and the potential 
adverse scenarios over interest rates and inflation. 
Although the Issuer Group has no trading book and the market risk exposures have structural purposes, 
changes in market interest rates could affect the interest rates charged on interest earning assets in a different

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
manner to that paid on interest bearing liabilities. This difference could result in an increase in interest 
expenses relative to interest income leading to a reduction in its net interest income. Rising interest rates may 
also bring about an increase in the non-performing loan portfolio.  
Market risk includes unpredictable risks related to periods in which the market does not efficiently manage its 
prices, for example in market disruptions or shocks. 
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer Group control, including increased regulation of 
the financial sector, monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other 
factors. 
Variations in the interest income / (charges) and the Economic Value of the Issuer Group 
At the end of December 2021, risk on net interest income over a one-year period, measured as sensitivity to 
parallel changes in the worst-case scenario of ± 25 basis points, was concentrated in the following currency 
curves:  
NOK: 
Net interest margin +25bps: +40,01 million 
Net interest margin -25bps: -40,10 million 
SEK:  
Net interest margin +25bps: -12,98 million 
Net interest margin -25bps: 12,60 million 
DKK: 
Net interest margin +25bps: -22,04 million 
Net interest margin -25bps: +7,05 million 
EUR: 
Net interest margin +25bps: -0,34 million 
Net interest margin -25bps: 0,53 million 
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may negatively affect the Issuer Group's earnings and the value of its 
assets and shares 
Due to the Issuer Group's operations in Finland, Denmark and Sweden, a substantial amount of its assets are 
denominated in currencies other than NOK. Fluctuations in exchange rates, in particular fluctuations in the 
value of NOK against EUR, DKK and SEK, may increase the Issuer Group's net open foreign exchange 
positions (being the difference between its total open unhedged positions and its total hedged positions in any 
foreign currency) and adversely affect the Issuer Group's profitability upon liquidation of such positions. 
Changes in exchange rates may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer Group's capital ratios. The Issuer 
Group's capital ratios are the output of its capital over risk-weighted assets (RWA) measured in NOK. Since 
a substantial part of the Issuer Group's assets are denominated in foreign currencies, a depreciation of NOK 
against such currencies could increase the amount of RWA and result in lower capital ratios. The Issuer Group 
seeks to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them. However, there can 
be no assurance that the Issuer Group's hedging strategies will be effective in part or in full to mitigate the 
foreign exchange rate risks inherent in its investment activities abroad.  
Market risks associated with fluctuations in bond prices and other market factors are inherent in the Issuer 
Group's business. Protracted market decline can reduce liquidity in the markets, making it harder to sell 
assets and leading to material losses 
The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer Group's investments. In 
some of the Issuer Group's business, protracted adverse market movements, particularly asset price decline, 
can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These developments can lead to

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
material losses if the Issuer Group cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely manner. This may 
especially be the case for the Issuer Group's assets for which there are less liquid markets to begin with. Assets 
that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivative contracts between 
banks, may have values that the Issuer Group calculates using models other than publicly quoted prices. 
Monitoring the deterioration of asset prices like these is difficult and could lead to losses that the Issuer Group 
may not anticipate. 
The increasing volatility of financial markets due to the recent economic uncertainty is having a particular 
impact on the financial sector. Continued volatility may affect the value of the Issuer Group's investments in 
entities in this sector and, depending on their fair value and future recovery expectations, could become a 
permanent impairment which would be subject to write-offs against their results. 
Other business risks 
Increased competition, including from non-traditional providers of banking services such as financial 
technology providers, and industry consolidation may adversely affect the Issuer Group's operational results.  
The Issuer Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating 
loans and in attracting deposits. The competition in originating loans comes principally from other domestic 
and foreign banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and 
other lenders and purchasers of loans.  
In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in the banking industry, which has created larger and 
stronger banks with which the Issuer Group must now compete. There can be no assurance that this increased 
competition will not adversely affect its growth prospects, and therefore its operations. The Issuer Group also 
faces competition from non-bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores (for some 
credit products), leasing and factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management companies and 
insurance companies.  
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as internet-based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone 
companies and internet search engines, may offer and/or increase their offerings of financial products and 
services directly to customers. These non-traditional providers of banking services currently have an 
advantage over traditional providers because they are not subject to banking regulation. Several of these 
competitors may have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant 
financial, marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more 
resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing. 
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including distributed ledger, artificial intelligence 
and/or biometrics, to provide services such as cryptocurrencies and payments, could require substantial 
expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services as it continues to grow the Issuer Group's 
internet and mobile banking capabilities. Its customers may choose to conduct business or offer products in 
areas that may be considered speculative or risky. Such new technologies and mobile banking platforms in 
recent years may necessitate changes to its retail distribution strategy, which may include restructuring its 
work force and reforming its retail distribution channel. Its failure to swiftly and effectively implement such 
changes to its distribution strategy could have an adverse effect on the Issuer Group's competitive position.  
In particular, the Issuer Group has the challenge of competing in an environment in which customer relations 
are based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms, 
which are already eroding the Issuer Group's results in very significant markets such as payments. These 
platforms can use their advantage to access data to compete with the Issuer Group in other markets and may 
reduce the Issuer Group's operations and margins in its core businesses. The alliances that its competitors are 
beginning to engage with BigTechs may make it more difficult to compete successfully with them and could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer Group. 
Increasing competition could also require that the Issuer Group increases its rates offered on deposits or lower 
the rates the Issuer Group charge on loans, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Group, including its profitability. It may also negatively affect the Issuer Group's business results and 
prospects by, among other things, limiting its ability to increase its customer base and expand its operations 
and increasing competition for investment opportunities.  
If the Issuer Group customer service levels were perceived by the market to be inferior to those of its 
competitor financial institutions, it could lose existing and potential business. If the Issuer Group is not

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
successful in retaining and strengthening customer relationships with manufacturers, dealers and retailers, as 
well as end consumers, the Issuer Group may lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities or 
fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer Group's recent and future acquisitions may not be successful and may be disruptive to the Issuer 
Group's business. 
The Issuer Group has historically acquired controlling interests in various companies and has engaged in other 
strategic partnerships and business acquisitions in recent years, including the acquisition of Forso Nordic AB 
in the first quarter of 2020 and GE Money Bank AB in 2015, and may make further acquisitions in the future. 
In addition, the Issuer Group may consider other strategic acquisitions and partnerships from time to time. 
There can be no assurances that the Issuer Group will be successful in its plans regarding the operation of past 
or future acquisitions and strategic partnerships. 
It is possible that the goodwill which has been attributed, or may be attributed, to these businesses may have 
to be written down if the Issuer Group's valuation assumptions are required to be reassessed as a result of any 
deterioration in their underlying profitability, asset quality and other relevant matters. Impairment testing in 
respect of goodwill is performed annually, or more frequently if there are impairment indicators present, and 
comprises a comparison of the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. An 
impairment of goodwill of the Cash Generating Unit ("CGU") of Nordics (Scandinavia) was recognized at 
Issuer Group level in 2021. 
The Issuer Group can give no assurance that its acquisition and partnership activities will perform in 
accordance with the Issuer Group's expectations. The Issuer Group bases its assessment of potential 
acquisitions and partnerships on limited and potentially inexact information and on assumptions with respect 
to operations, profitability and other matters that may prove to be incorrect. In addition, it is possible that the 
integration process of the Issuer Group's recent (and any future) acquisitions could take longer or be more 
costly than anticipated or could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each Issuer Group 
company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely 
affect the ability of each company within the Issuer Group to maintain relationships with clients, customers 
or employees. If the Issuer Group takes longer than anticipated or is not able to integrate the aforementioned 
businesses, the anticipated benefits of the Issuer Group's recent acquisitions may not be realised fully or at all 
or may take longer than expected to realise. 
The Issuer Group’s business could be negatively impacted if it is unsuccessful in developing and maintaining 
relationships with automobile dealerships, manufacturers and other retailers. 
The Issuer Group ability to acquire loans is reliant on its relationships with automotive dealers. In particular, 
its automotive finance operations depend in large part upon its ability to establish and maintain relationships 
with reputable automotive dealers that originate loans at the point-of-sale, which the Issuer Group 
subsequently purchase. Although the Issuer Group typically have exclusive relationships with automotive 
manufacturers, its captive finance agreements with these manufacturers typically have terms of only three to 
five years, and the Issuer Group cannot guarantee that it will be able to renew these agreements at the end of 
their terms or that any future captive finance agreements will contain similar exclusivity terms.  
An important part of its consumer and card business relies on establishing and maintaining cooperation 
agreements with retailers. While the Issuer Group have been serving a majority of its retailers for many years, 
and while a majority of its cooperation agreements with its retailers are exclusive, there can be no assurance 
that the Issuer Group will be able to maintain its relationships with all its current retailers.  
If the Issuer Group is unsuccessful in developing and maintaining relationships with automobile dealerships, 
manufacturers and other retailers as mentioned above, this will negatively impact the Issuer Group's ability to 
acquire loans, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business and results of 
operations. 
Negative changes in the business of the manufacturers or retailers with which the Issuer has strategic 
relationships could adversely affect the business of the Issuer Group. 
A significant adverse change in automotive manufacturers' business, including (i) significant adverse changes 
in their respective liquidity position and access to the capital markets, (ii) the production or sale of their 
vehicles (including the effects of any product recalls), (iii) the quality or resale value of their vehicles, (iv) the

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
use of marketing incentives, (v) their relationships with their key suppliers, or (vi) their respective 
relationships with labour unions and other factors impacting automotive manufacturers or their employees 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's profitability and financial condition. As a result of 
the recent economic downturn and contraction of credit to both dealers and their customers, there was an 
increase in dealership closures and the Issuer Group's existing dealer base experienced decreased sales and 
loan volume in the past and may experience decreased sales and loan volume in the future, which may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business, results of operations, and financial condition.  
There is no assurance that the global automotive market, or the Issuer Group's other automotive manufacturer 
partners' share of that market, will not suffer downturns in the future, and any negative impact could in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business, results of operations, and financial position. 
Similarly, the Issuer Group's ability to generate new loans and the interest and fees and other income associated 
with them is dependent upon sales of merchandise and services by the Issuer Group's retail partners. The Issuer 
Group's retail partners' sales may decrease or may not increase as the Issuer Group anticipates for various 
reasons, some of which are in the retail partners' control and some of which are not. For example, retail partner 
sales may be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions having a national, regional or more local effect 
on consumer spending, business conditions affecting a particular partner or industry, or catastrophes affecting 
broad or more discrete geographic areas. If the Issuer Group's retail partners' sales decline for any reason, it 
generally results in lower credit sales, and therefore lower loan volume and associated interest and fees and 
other income for the Issuer Group from their customers. In addition, if a retail partner closes some or all of its 
stores or becomes subject to a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding (or if there is a perception that 
it may become subject to a bankruptcy proceeding), its customers who have used the Issuer Group's financing 
products may have less incentive to pay their outstanding balances to the Issuer Group, which could result in 
higher charge-off rates than anticipated and the Issuer Group's costs for servicing its customers' accounts may 
increase. Moreover, if the financial condition of a retail partner deteriorates significantly or a partner becomes 
subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, the Issuer Group may not be able to recover for customer returns, customer 
payments made in partner stores or other amounts due to the Issuer from the retail partner. A decrease in sales 
by the Issuer Group's retail partners for any reason or a bankruptcy proceeding involving any of them could 
have a material adverse impact on the Issuer Group's business and results of operations. 
Future changes in the Issuer Group’s relationship with the Parent Company may adversely affect the Issuer 
Group’s operations. 
The Parent Company directly and through wholly owned subsidiaries, owns 100% of the Issuer Group 
common stock. Banco Santander, S.A. directly and through wholly owned subsidiaries, owns 100% of the 
Parent Company's common stock. The Issuer Group relies on its relationship with the Parent Company for 
several competitive advantages including relationships with manufacturers and regulatory best practices. The 
Parent Company applies certain standardised banking policies, procedures and standards across its affiliated 
entities, including with respect to internal audit credit approval, governance risk management, and 
compensation practices. The Issuer Group currently follows certain of these the Parent Company policies and 
may in the future become subject to additional policies, procedures and standards of the Parent Company 
which could result in changes to its practices. In addition, its credit ratings are affected by those of the Parent 
Company, so if the Parent Company were to suffer credit ratings downgrades or other adverse financial 
developments, the Issuer Group could be indirectly negatively impacted.  
The Issuer faces significant risks in implementing its growth strategy, some of which are outside its control 
The Issuer intends to continue its growth strategy to (a) expand its vehicle and consumer finance franchise by 
increasing market penetration via the number and depth of their relationships in the vehicle and consumer 
finance markets, pursuing additional relationships with manufacturers, and expanding its direct-to-consumer 
footprint and (b) continue to grow its unsecured consumer lending platform. Its ability to execute this growth 
strategy is subject to significant risks, some of which are beyond its control, including (i) the inherent 
uncertainty regarding general economic conditions; (ii) its ability to assess the value, strengths and weaknesses 
of investment or acquisition candidates, including local regulations that could reduce or eliminate expected 
synergies; (iii) its ability to finance strategic investments or acquisitions; (iv) the prevailing laws and 
regulatory environment of each country in which it operates or seeks to operate, and, to the extent applicable, 
international regulations, which are subject to change at any time; (v) the degree of competition in new markets 
and the effect on its ability to attract new customers; (vi) its ability to apply its risk management policy 
effectively to an enlarged group; (vii) its ability to recruit qualified personnel, in particular in areas where it 
faces a great deal of competition; and (viii) its ability to obtain and maintain any regulatory approvals, 
government permits, or licenses that may be required on a timely basis.

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer allocates management and planning resources to develop strategic plans for organic 
growth, and to identify possible acquisitions and disposals and areas for restructuring its businesses. From 
time to time, the Issuer evaluates acquisition and partnership opportunities that are consistent with its business 
strategy. However, the Issuer may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or partnership candidates, and 
its ability to benefit from any such acquisitions and partnerships will depend in part on its successful 
integration of those businesses. Any such integration entails significant risks such as unforeseen difficulties 
in integrating operations and systems and unexpected liabilities or contingencies relating to the acquired 
businesses, including legal claims. The Issuer can give no assurances that it will, in all cases, be able to manage 
its growth effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives. 
Technology Risks   
Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the information technology infrastructure and management 
information systems of the Issuer Group in a timely manner or any failure to successfully implement new 
cybersecurity and data privacy regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group.  
The ability of the Issuer Group to remain competitive depends in part on its ability to upgrade its information 
technology on a timely and cost-effective basis. It must continually make significant investments in, and 
improvements to, the information technology infrastructure of the Issuer Group in order to meet the needs of 
its customers. The Issuer Group cannot assure that in the future it will be able to maintain the level of capital 
expenditures necessary to support the continuous improvement and upgrading of its information technology 
infrastructure. To the extent that the Issuer Group is dependent upon any particular technology or technological 
solution, it may be harmed if such technology or technological solution becomes non-compliant with existing 
industry standards, fails to meet or exceed the capabilities of its competitors' equivalent technologies or 
technological solutions, becomes increasingly expensive to service, retain and update, becomes subject to 
third party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation, or malfunctions 
or functions in a way the Issuer Group did not anticipate. Additionally, new technologies and technological 
solutions are continually being released. As such, it is difficult to predict the problems the Issuer Group may 
encounter in improving its technologies' functionality. There is no assurance that the Issuer Group will be able 
to successfully adopt new technology as critical systems and applications become obsolete and better ones 
become available. Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the information technology infrastructure and 
management information systems in a timely and cost-efficient manner could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer Group. 
In addition, several new and proposed laws, directives and regulations are defining how to manage 
cybersecurity and data protection risks, including with respect to the data breach reporting requirements and 
supervisory processes, among others. These regulations are quite fragmented in terms of definitions, scope 
and applicability. A failure to successfully implement all or some of these new local, state, national and 
international regulations, which in some cases have severe sanctions regimes, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer Group. 
Risks relating to data collection, processing and storage systems and security are inherent in the business of 
the Issuer Group. 
Like other financial institutions, the Issuer Group receives, manages, processes, holds and transmits 
proprietary and sensitive or confidential information, including personal information of customers and 
employees in the conduct of its banking operations, as well as a large number of assets. Accordingly, the 
business of the Issuer Group depends on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and 
accurately, and on its ability to rely on its digital technologies, computer and email services, software and 
networks, as well as on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive personal 
data and other information using the computer systems and networks of the Issuer Group or those of its third-
party vendors. The proper and secure functioning of its financial controls, accounting and other data collection 
and processing systems is critical to its business and to its ability to compete effectively. Cybersecurity 
incidents and data losses can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes 
and systems, or from external events or actors that interrupt normal business operations. The Issuer Group 
also faces the risk that the design of its cybersecurity controls and procedures prove to be inadequate or are 
circumvented such that its data and/or client records are incomplete, not recoverable or not securely stored. 
Any material disruption or slowdown of the systems of the Issuer Group could cause information, including 
data related to customer requests, to be lost or to be delivered to its clients with delays or errors, which could 
reduce demand for its services and products, could produce customer claims and could materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer Group.

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
The Issuer Group routinely manages personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, 
and may be the target of attempted cyber-attacks or subject to other information security incidents or breaches. 
This is especially applicable in the current response to the covid-19 pandemic and the shift the Issuer Group 
has experienced in having a significant part of its employees working from their homes for the time being, as 
its employees access its secure networks through their home networks. If the Issuer Group cannot maintain 
effective and secure electronic data and information, management and processing systems or if it fails to 
maintain complete physical and electronic records, this could result in disruptions to its operations, claims 
from customers, regulators, employees and other parties, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, 
regulatory sanctions and serious reputational and financial harm to the Issuer Group.  
The Issuer Group takes protective measures and continuously monitor and develop its systems to protect its 
technology infrastructure, data and information from misappropriation or corruption, but its third-party 
vendors' systems, software and networks nevertheless may be vulnerable to disruptions and failures caused by 
unauthorized access or misuse, computer viruses, disability devices, phishing attacks or other malicious code, 
fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, employee misconduct, human error, computer hackers, and 
other events that could have a security impact on the Issuer Group. An interception, loss, misuse or 
mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, employee, 
vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action, 
reputational harm and financial loss. There can be no absolute assurance that the Issuer Group will not suffer 
material losses from operational risks in the future, including those relating to any security breaches. 
The Issuer Group has seen in recent years computer systems of companies and organizations being 
increasingly targeted, and the techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to information 
technology systems have become increasingly complex and sophisticated. Furthermore, such techniques 
change frequently and are often not recognized or detected until after they have been launched and can 
originate from a wide variety of sources, including not only cyber criminals, but also activists and rogue states. 
The Issuer Group has been and continue to be subject to a range of cyber-attacks, such as denial of service, 
malware and phishing. Cyber-attacks could give rise to the loss of significant amounts of customer data and 
other sensitive information, as well as significant levels of liquid assets (including cash). In addition, cyber-
attacks could disrupt the electronic systems of the Issuer Group used to service its customers. As attempted 
attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, the Issuer Group may incur significant costs in order 
to modify or enhance its protective measures against such attacks, or to investigate or remediate any 
vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyber-attacks to its customers or other affected 
individuals. If the Issuer Group fails to effectively manage its cybersecurity risk, including by failing to update 
its systems and processes in response to new threats, this could harm its reputation and adversely affect its 
operating results, financial condition and prospects, including through the payment of customer compensation 
or other damages, litigation expenses, regulatory penalties and fines and/or through the loss of assets. In 
addition, the Issuer Group may also be impacted by cyber-attacks against national critical infrastructures of 
the countries where it operates, such as telecommunications networks. The information technology systems 
of the Issuer Group are dependent upon such national critical infrastructure and any cyber-attack against such 
critical infrastructure could negatively affect its ability to service its customers. As the Issuer Group does not 
operate such national critical infrastructure, it has limited ability to protect its information technology systems 
from the adverse effects of such a cyber-attack.  
The Issuer Group could be subject to legal actions and administrative sanctions, as well as damages and 
reputational harm that could materially and adversely affect the operating results, financial condition and 
prospects of the Issuer Group. Further, its business is exposed to risk from employees' potential non-
compliance with policies, misconduct, negligence or fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions and 
serious reputational and financial harm. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, 
and the precautions that the Issuer Group takes to detect and prevent this activity may not always be effective. 
In addition, the Issuer Group may be required to report events related to information security issues, events 
where customer information may be compromised, unauthorized access to its systems and other security 
breaches, to the relevant regulatory authorities. 
Financial reporting and control risks  
The Issuer Group relies extensively on models in managing many aspects of its business, and if they are not 
accurate or are misinterpreted, it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business and 
results of operations 
The Issuer Group relies extensively on models in managing many aspects of the Issuer Group's business, 
including liquidity and capital planning (including stress testing), customer selection, credit and other risk

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
management, pricing, reserving and collections management.  The models may prove in practice to be less 
predictive than the Issuer Group expects for a variety of reasons, including as a result of errors in constructing, 
interpreting or using the models or the use of inaccurate assumptions (including failures to update assumptions 
appropriately or in a timely manner).  The Issuer Group's assumptions may be inaccurate for many reasons 
including that they often involve matters that are inherently difficult to predict and beyond the Issuer Group's 
control (for example, macroeconomic conditions and their impact on partner and customer behaviours) and 
they often involve complex interactions between a number of dependent and independent variables, factors 
and other assumptions.  The errors or inaccuracies in the Issuer Group's models may be material and could 
lead the Issuer Group to make wrong or sub-optimal decisions in managing its business, and this could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The financial statements of the Issuer are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, 
could cause material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial position 
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Due to the inherent uncertainty in 
making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be based upon amounts which differ from 
those estimates. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based on historical 
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under 
the circumstances. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is 
revised and in any future periods affected. The accounting policies deemed critical to the Issuer Group's results 
and financial position, based upon materiality and significant judgments and estimates, include impairment of 
loans and advances, goodwill impairment, valuation of financial instruments, impairment of available-for-sale 
financial assets, deferred tax assets provision and pension obligation for liabilities. 
If the judgment, estimates and assumptions of the Issuer Group in preparing its consolidated financial 
statements are subsequently found to be incorrect, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer 
Group's results of operations and a corresponding negative effect on its funding requirements and capital 
ratios. 
3.  Risks in relation to the Notes 
General risks relating to the Notes 
Risks related to early intervention and resolution  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with tools to intervene in unsound or failing credit institutions 
or investment firms ("institutions") to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by EU Member States from 1 January 2015, except 
for the general bail-in tool (see below) which applies from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was implemented in 
Norway on 1 January 2019, and BRRD II was implemented 1 June 2022. The implementing legislation is in 
line with the BRRD, and grants authority to the FSAN to implement detailed requirements and supplementary 
regulations in its capacity as resolution authority. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to 
a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which 
may limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management 
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly 
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution 
(which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity 
or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will 
depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such 
as depositors.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the firm (which is 
referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in 
the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably 
later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.  
Holders of Notes may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders 
losing some or all of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration 
of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of 
provisions in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD 
or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by the fact that BRRD has been 
implemented in Norway and/or by any actual or anticipated use of the powers thereunder in respect of the 
Issuer and/or the Notes. Any action taken under such legislation in respect of the Issuer could also affect the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity  
Early redemption features are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there 
is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. The Issuer may 
be expected to redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
It is not possible to predict whether or not a circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem Notes will 
occur and so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so 
whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or any prior consent of the 
competent authority, if required, will be given. The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost 
of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer or for taxation reasons

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer, as further described in Condition 5.3. If Condition 5.3 is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus and it also is specified that the Notes are redeemable in part, the Notes may be redeemed 
in part in accordance with the procedure specified in Condition 5.5.  
In addition, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, at any time at their early 
redemption amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption, 
for taxation reasons as further described in Condition 5.2. 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 5.8 applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event (as 
defined in the Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior 
written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 5.8, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Subordinated Notes: Regulatory Call 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 5.7 applies, if a Regulatory Event (as defined in the 
Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 5.7, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes 
comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described above under "Subordinated Notes: Regulatory Call", Subordinated 
Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period of, for example, 
five years. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant 
Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator. Any early redemption by the Issuer 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes is also subject to the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by 
the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory 
capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time.  There can be no assurance that the 
Relevant Regulator will permit such a call.  Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required 
to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period 
(if applicable). There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, 
as the case may be. 
Withholding tax on interest payments is introduced in the Kingdom of Norway  
A Norwegian debtor will be liable to withhold 15 per cent tax on gross interest payments to the extent the 
creditor is both (i) a related party to the issuer and (ii) tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction. A "related party" 
is a company or other legal entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the issuer. 
"Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of 50 per cent or more of the issued share capital or voting 
rights. Further, a "low-tax jurisdiction" is a jurisdiction in which the effective taxation of the overall profit of 
the company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company would have been subject to if it 
had been resident in Norway. However, if the creditor is a related enterprise of the issuer and tax resident in a 
low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the withholding tax is not applicable if the creditor fulfils certain 
substance requirements (including that such related enterprise must be genuinely established and perform 
genuine economic activities). A recipient and beneficial owner of interest payments affected by the 
withholding tax may however be protected by a tax treaty, typically reducing the tax rate on interest payments. 
In the event the withholding tax is applicable and the payments of interest in respect of an issue of Notes is

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
subject to withholding tax, the Issuer would be required to gross up the payments in accordance with (but 
subject to the exceptions set out in) Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Issuer may (subject to the conditions set out therein) exercise its right to redeem the Notes at the 
Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 5.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
("STIBOR") and the Copenhagen interbank offered rate ("CIBOR")) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and mostly applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018.  The 
Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK BMR") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively. The 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-based, as applicable, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU and UK supervised entities, as 
applicable, of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or UK-
based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
On 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the 
identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" to serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, 
the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new 
risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced 
with €STR or an alternative benchmark. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also 
published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other 
things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and 
CIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and 
CIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
In relation to Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where 
such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available.  Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or 
replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions provide for the Rate of 
Interest to be determined by the Determination Agent by reference to quotations from banks selected by the 
Issuer and communicated to the Determination Agent.  Where such quotations are not available (as may be 
the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), 
the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be 
applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4D) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser. After consulting with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, in either case, as adjusted by reference to an applicable 
Adjustment Spread, to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Issuer, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent 
or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread (which may be zero) shall, in each case, be determined by the Issuer and applied 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with 
the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
The Issuer may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the 
next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, as the case may be, it will continue to attempt 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Date, as applicable, and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, respectively, as necessary.  
Applying the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date 
before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Reset Date or 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. 
This will result in the Floating Rate Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to (a) prejudice the qualification of the Notes as (i) MREL Eligible Liabilities, in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (ii) Tier 2 Capital, in the case of Subordinated Notes, or (b) result in 
the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. The Determination Agent is not obliged 
to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of certain changes if it determines such changes 
would affect it adversely. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Terms and Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Instruments shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 or 2021 
Definitions of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. Where the Floating Rate Option 
specified is an "IBOR" Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the 
relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR 
is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark discontinuation provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants and there are no restrictions on the amount or type 
of further securities or indebtedness which the Issuer may incur  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions place no restrictions on the 
amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes, or on the amount or type of 
securities it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce 
the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer and may 
limit the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes, and result in a Noteholder losing 
all or some of its investment in the Notes. 
In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or 
that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer's ability to use cash to make 
investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares 
or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer's ability to service 
its debt obligations, including those under the Notes.  
Potential conflicts of interest between the investor and the Determination Agent  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Determination Agent, if any, and the Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a determination agent), including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgments that such Determination Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable by the Noteholders during the terms of the Notes and 
upon redemption of the Notes.  
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will 
be deposited with a Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Instrument, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Notes in definite form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the Common Depositary or paying agent (in the case of a NGN) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their accountholders. A holder of a beneficial

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
interest in a Global Instrument must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer 
in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of 
Covenant. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of the payable interest payments. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount (such 
as a zero coupon Instrument) tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued).  If the Notes are 
traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.  Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of 
Notes.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes,

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
In any winding up of the Issuer, Holders may not be entitled to receive the currency of issue of the Notes 
Should Holders be entitled to any amount with respect to the Notes in any winding-up of the Issuer, Holders 
might not be entitled in those proceedings to a recovery in the currency of issue of the Notes and might be 
entitled only to a recovery in NOK or any other lawful currency of Norway or such other jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer may then be incorporated. 
The application of the net proceeds of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds as described in 
"Use of Proceeds" may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention 
to apply the proceeds of those Notes specifically for eligible loans in accordance with the Santander Group's 
green, social and sustainability funding global framework (as it may be amended, replaced and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework"), which support the 
transition to a low-carbon and climate resilient economy, specifically with respect to financing and refinancing 
retail loans and lease contracts for low omission passenger vehicles ("Eligible Projects"). A prospective 
investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and must determine 
for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any 
other investigation it deems necessary. The Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework is not 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any project or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the Santander Group's Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework.  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly the "EU Taxonomy Regulation").  Each 
prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Santander Group's Green, Social & 
Sustainability Funding Global Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of 
the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any 
third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or 
the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and/or Sustainable Bonds for Eligible Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do so.  There can be no

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner 
anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as 
intended.  In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve 
the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.   
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or 
Sustainable Bonds for any eligible projects or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions 
and certifications or the fact that the maturity of an eligible green asset or project may not match the minimum 
duration of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds will not (i) constitute an event of default 
under the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds or (ii) give rise to any other claim or 
right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds against the Issuer or the Dealers, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer 
to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes. For 
the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant 
project nor have any preferred right against such assets.  
Furthermore, Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds will be subject to the bail-in tool and to write 
down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green Bond, Social 
Bond or Sustainable Bond (see "Risks related to early intervention and resolution"). 
Likewise, Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and the Financial Institutions Act requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds 
qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their "green" label. Additionally, their labelling as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the 
purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements (as applicable); and (ii) will not have 
any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.    
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying 
on, and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  The Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, any verification of 
whether the Eligible Projects meet the Eligibility Criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds. 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes 
(as applicable) 
The risk factors relating to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred 
Notes described below should be read together with the general risk factors relating to the Notes described 
above. 
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred 
Notes 
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
(unless Unrestricted Events of Default and Enforcement is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms ), as described in Condition 6.2. Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by 
the limited events of default.

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency 
or resolution 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) will be 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior to all unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Subordinated Notes do not provide for any events of default. Holders of Subordinated Notes may not 
be able to exercise their rights on an event of default without the consent of the Relevant Regulator 
Holders have no ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, and the terms and conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes do not provide for any events of default for Subordinated Notes. As per Article 77 
CRR, no redemption of Subordinated Notes may take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant 
Regulator. Delay or refusal by the Relevant Regulator to consent to the exercise of holders of their rights in 
the event of default could result in holders losing all or some of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes 
and certain Senior Preferred Notes  
In the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes, no holder 
of such Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of 
public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant Noteholder. 
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in if a Regulatory Event or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs or a 
circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for taxation reasons under Condition 
5.2 occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator and/or by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, as applicable), and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Notes or (ii) to modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, in 
each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities, 
Qualifying MREL Securities or Qualifying Securities (as the case may be). While Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities, Qualifying MREL Securities and Qualifying Securities generally must contain terms that are 
materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the Notes, there can be no assurance that 
the terms of any Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL Securities or Qualifying Securities 
will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Subordinated Securities, Qualifying 
MREL Securities or Qualifying Securities will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes 
would have traded on the basis of their original terms. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes will negatively affect any particular holder. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation 
for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issue and Paying Agent, 
the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution or variation upon individual Holders of Instruments. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and certain Senior 
Preferred Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on payments under the terms of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where Restricted 
Gross-Up Senior Preferred Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any such Notes, Noteholders may

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption, and the market value of 
such Notes may be adversely affected. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible 
liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer and the Group. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final 
substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted 
and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that an MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to Condition 
5.18 (if applicable), (i) where the relevant Final Terms specify Condition 5.8 to be applicable, redeem all (but 
not some only) of such Series of Notes and (ii) where the relevant Final Terms specify Condition 5.10 to be 
applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series 
of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL Securities. See "Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption" and "The Notes may 
be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent" for a description of the risks related 
to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior non 
preferred obligations of the Issuer. Upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), (a) pari passu among themselves and with any Non-Preferred 
Parity Securities or Statutory Non-Preferred Claims (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), (b) junior to the 
Senior Creditors (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the Issuer, 
the claims in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the claims of Senior 
Creditors, and (c) senior to any present and future Non-Preferred Junior Securities (including any subordinated 
obligations) of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3.2(b) in the Terms and Conditions . 
Claims of Senior Creditors would include, among other liabilities, its deposit obligations, its obligations in 
respect of derivatives and other financial contracts and its unsubordinated and unsecured debt securities other 
than the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If the Issuer were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, the liquidator 
would apply the assets available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities, 
first to satisfy claims of all Senior Creditors, and then to satisfy claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (and any Non-Preferred Parity Securities or Statutory Non-Preferred Claims). If the Issuer does not 
have sufficient assets to settle the claims of Senior Creditors in full, the claims of the holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will not be satisfied. Once the Senior Creditors have received settlement in full, the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will share equally with holders of the Issuer's Non-Preferred Parity Securities 
or Statutory Non-Preferred Claims in any distribution of assets available to satisfy such claims if the Issuer 
does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all of them. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) may be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other 
instruments, and additionally may be subject to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers (as defined it the Terms and Conditions). The sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of 
eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for claims to be written-down or converted into 
equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation. Because 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non preferred liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down 
or converted in full after any Non-Preferred Junior Securities (including any subordinated obligations) of the 
Issuer and before any claims of the Issuer's Senior Creditors are written down or converted. The Issuer expects 
that upon insolvency, the payment obligations in respect of  the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would rank pari 
passu with any obligations in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities or Statutory Non-Preferred 
Claims issued by the Issuer. 
As a consequence, Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than the 
Issuer's Senior Creditors (including Senior Preferred Notes) and could lose all or a significant part of their 
investment if the Issuer became (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through the

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Financial Institutions Act) and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the bail-
in or (ii) wound-up as a part of public administration proceedings. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments for which there is little or no trading history 
There is little or no trading history for securities of Norwegian financial institutions with the same ranking as 
the Senior-Non Preferred Notes. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages 
of evaluating the risks associated with such securities. The credit ratings assigned to securities such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such 
securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over 
time, the credit ratings and value of securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those 
expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may incur 
losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, together with the auditors' reports thereon;  
(2) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the three month period ended 31 
March 2022;  
(3) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 38 to 78 of the base prospectus dated 6 July 2021 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/d6d11104-
0e85-43c8-a3ea-f0c5d52830b0.PDF 
(4) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 37 to 76 of the base prospectus dated 8 July 2020 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at: 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/unsecured-bonds/scb-as-
emtn-base-prospectus-dated-8-july-2020.pdf  
(5) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 51 to 89 of the base prospectus dated 27 June 2019 under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_1da41834-e603-4fcf-b7c6-
fa061e6d82fb.PDF  
 (6) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 44 to 70 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2018 under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_3f222032-55dc-4f66-8c30-
69a6e8b252b0.PDF;   
(7) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 26 June 2017 under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_2ea7ac31-c327-4954-808b-
d2ced6a12654.PDF; 
(8) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 49 of the base prospectus dated 15 June 2016 under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" available for inspection at  
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_5d936371-4f0f-4b7e-be9a-
dd3b2dc643ea.PDF. 
The audited 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available on the following website: 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/financial-reports/2021-annual-
report-scb_searchable.pdf  
The audited 2020 consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are available on the following website: 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/financial-reports/2020-annual-
report-scb_searchable.pdf  
The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter 2022 are available on the 
following website: 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/financial-reports/q1-2022-report-
scb_searchable.pdf  
Copies of this Base Prospectus (and any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) will be 
made freely available at the office of the Listing Agent. Any information contained in any of the documents

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The information on the corporate website of the Issuer (www.santanderconsumer.no) does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which 
can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in any Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final 
Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information 
in relation to the relevant Series of Notes, may be contained in any Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Final Terms, such Final Terms must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Final Terms are the Conditions as completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of any Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the "Registration 
Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and a securities note (the "Securities 
Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes. In addition, if the Drawdown 
Prospectus is constituted by a Registration Document and a Securities Note, any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Registration Document 
which arises or is noted between the date of the Registration Document and the date of the Securities Note 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes will be included in the Securities Note.

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to 
be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will also specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") or in each case any successor section of the United States Treasury 
Regulations, including without limitation Regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010, are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 
days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global 
Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
i. 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issue and Paying Agent; and 
ii. 
receipt by the Issue and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 
6 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form 
of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the 
Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in 
part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The exchange of a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options will not be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of at least 14 
days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 6 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The exchange of a Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options will not be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the 
Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes (the estimated amount of which net proceeds will, for 
each Series listed on a regulated market in the EEA, be set out in the relevant Final Terms) will be 
applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
Where "General Corporate Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its 
general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
Where "Eligible Projects" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Eligible Projects pursuant to the Santander Group's Green, Social & 
Sustainability Funding Global Framework (such notes being "Green Bonds", "Social 
Bonds" or "Sustainable Bonds", as applicable).   
 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Santander Group as set out in the Green, Social & 
Sustainability Funding Global Framework.  
"Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework" means the latest Green, Social & 
Sustainability Funding Global Framework published by the Santander Group available for viewing on the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/green-
bonds/santander-gss-global-funding-framework.pdf) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or 
otherwise updated on such website from time to time) within the Issuer's dedicated Green Bond section: 
(https://www.santanderconsumer.no/om-oss/investor-relations/green-bonds/).  
More information on the monitoring of the compliance of Eligible Projects can be found on the section "Project 
Evaluation & Selection Process" of the Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework.  
Sustainalytics delivered to the Santander Group an independent second party opinion dated 9 February 2022 
on the Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework that can be consulted at: 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/globalassets/om-oss/investor-relations/green-bonds/santander-group-
green-social-and-sustainability-funding-global-framework-second-party-opinion.pdf.  
"Eligible Projects" means new and existing retail loans and lease contracts for low emission passenger 
vehicles determined by the Santander Group to fulfil the Eligibility Criteria. These projects fall under the 
category "green" projects set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles, "social" projects set out in the ICMA 
Social Bond Principles, or "green and social" projects set out in the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as 
applicable). The Eligible Projects will be assessed and monitored according to the Santander Group's Green, 
Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework as meeting the Eligibility Criteria. 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
 
"ICMA Social Bond Principles" means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
 
"ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines" means the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
 
None of the Green, Social & Sustainability Funding Global Framework nor any of the above websites are 
incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. To the extent 
permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes 
may complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Introduction 
The Notes will be issued in accordance with an issue and paying agency agreement (the "Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements 
thereto) dated 20 July 2022 and made between Santander Consumer Bank AS (the "Issuer") and 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities as issue and paying agent (the "Issue and Paying 
Agent" which expressions shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in its 
capacities as such) and the paying agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include the Issue and Paying Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed 
in accordance with the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). For the purposes of making 
determinations or calculations of interest rates, interest amounts, redemption amounts or any other 
matters requiring determination or calculation in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of any 
Series of Notes (as defined below), the Issuer may appoint a Determination Agent (as defined under 
Condition 4C.3) for the purposes of such Notes, in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement, and such Determination Agent shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The Issuer has executed and delivered a deed of covenant dated 
20 July 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant"). The Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent have signed 
(for the purposes of identification) a programme manual in relation to the Notes dated 20 July 2022 
(the "Programme Manual"). Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant are, or will be, available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents and Matheson LLP in its capacity as listing agent (the "Listing 
Agent"). All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall 
be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche will be the subject of (i) Final Terms 
(each, a "Final Terms") which completes these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") which supplements, amends and/or replaces 
these Terms and Conditions in respect of that Tranche only. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as 
a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes in relation to which application has been made for admission for 
listing on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, a copy of the Final Terms 
will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent and, in the case of a Tranche of Notes in relation to which application has been made 
for admission for listing on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), at the specified office of the Listing Agent. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes in relation to which application has not been made for admission for listing on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the Final Terms will only be available 
for inspection by a Holder of or, as the case may be, an Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of 
Covenant) in respect of, such Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "Notes" are to Notes of the relevant Series and any 
references to "Coupons" (as defined in Condition 1.5) and "Receipts" (as defined in Condition 1.6) 
are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the "Final Terms" are to the Final Terms prepared in 
relation to the Notes of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
In respect of any Notes, references herein to these "Terms and Conditions" are to these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions") as completed by the Final Terms. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.1 
Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") and are serially numbered. 
1.2 
If so specified in the Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will be represented upon issue by 
a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) scheduled to the Programme Manual. On or after the date (the 
"Exchange Date") which is forty days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the 
relevant clearing systems) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may 
be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") representing the 
Notes of that Tranche and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and 
completion) scheduled to the Programme Manual; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, serially numbered definitive Notes 
("Definitive Notes") substantially in the form (subject to amendment and 
completion) scheduled to the Programme Manual. 
1.3 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst 
any of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related 
interest payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations 
(in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is 
customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing systems) has been received 
by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") or any other relevant clearing system. Payments of amounts due in respect 
of a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system without any requirement for certification. 
1.4 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged by the Issuer in whole (but not in 
part), at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Note, for serially numbered 
Definitive Notes, (a) if any Note of the relevant Series becomes due and repayable following 
an Event of Default (as defined herein); or (b) if either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention 
to cease business permanently or in fact does so or announces its intention to withdraw its 
acceptance of the Notes for clearance and settlement through its system or in fact does so; 
or (c) if so specified in the Final Terms, at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global 
Note upon such Holder's request, in all cases at the cost and expense of the Issuer, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. In order to exercise the option contained in 
part (c) of the preceding sentence, the Holder must, not less than 45 days before the date 
upon which the delivery of such Definitive Notes is required, deposit the relevant Permanent 
Global Note with the Issue and Paying Agent at its specified office with the form of exchange

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
notice endorsed thereon duly completed. If default is made by the Issuer in the required 
delivery of Definitive Notes and such default is continuing at 6.00 p.m. (Irish time) on the 
thirtieth day after the day on which the relevant notice period expires or, as the case may be, 
such Permanent Global Note becomes so exchangeable, such Permanent Global Note will 
become void in accordance with its terms but without prejudice to the rights of the 
accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system in relation thereto under the Deed of Covenant. The exchange of a Permanent Global 
Note for Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options will not be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
1.5 
Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the 
time of their initial delivery coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a 
prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Definitive 
Notes will also, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time 
of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" 
shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.6 
Bearer Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment 
Notes") will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment receipts 
("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
Denomination Notes 
1.7 
Bearer Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes of one denomination will not be exchangeable, after their initial delivery, for 
Bearer Notes of any other denominations. No Notes may be issued under the Programme 
which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency). 
Currency of Notes 
1.8 
Notes may be denominated in any currency, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
1.9 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context 
may require, be deemed to be to Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes or 
Definitive Notes. 
2. 
Title 
2.1 
Title to Notes and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the "Holders" of Notes 
or of Coupons, or "Noteholders", are to the bearers of such Notes or such Coupons (as 
applicable). 
2.2 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or 
regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, 
any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such Holder.

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
3.1 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), and references to 
"Notes", "Noteholders", "Couponholders", "Receipts" and "Coupons" in this Condition 3.1 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes, and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them, constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) 
at least equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than senior non preferred 
obligations and subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, present and future, 
from time to time outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as 
defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure 
that the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank and will rank at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and with 
all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of 
third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory 
provisions of applicable law. 
(b) 
This Condition 3.1(b) applies only where No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes are subject to the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
3.2 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"), and 
references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 3.2 shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
Subject as provided below in Condition 3.2(c), in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders and do not 
provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the 
Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any 
amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, holders of Senior Preferred Notes).  
(c) 
The Creditor Hierarchy Directive was implemented in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
which entails that the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the 
"Ranking Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), 
specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower 
priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking 
Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any 
statutory ranking and the ranking as set out in Condition 3.2(b) above, such statutory 
ranking shall prevail). 
(d) 
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are subject to the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
3.3 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (the "Subordinated Notes"), and references to "Notes", 
"Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 3.3 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated and unsecured obligations 
(ansvarlig lånekapital) of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) and do not 
provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the 
Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any 
amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes are subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Definitions 
3.4 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case 
may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive and BRRD II). 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent 
legislation, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Financial Institutions Act" means the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups 
of 10 April, 2015 No. 17 as amended (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 
2015 No. 17). 
"FSAN" means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet). 
"Non-Preferred Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including, inter alia, Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Parity Securities and 
Subordinated Junior Securities). 
"Non-Preferred Parity Securities" means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
"Relevant Regulator" means the FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer and/or (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and (to the 
extent applicable) Senior Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in 
Condition 17.6) (if applicable).  
"Senior Creditors" means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes) other than creditors in 
respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if 
any). 
"Statutory Non-Preferred Claims" means, upon Norway adopting legislation introducing 
a senior non-preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the BRRD (as 
amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive), unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(a) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year;

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
(b) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and 
(c) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance, explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
"Specified Senior Creditors" means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including, inter alia, (A) holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (both before and after the giving of the Ranking 
Notice) and (B) creditors in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any). 
"Subordinated Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
"Subordinated Parity Securities" means any present or future instruments issued by the 
Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant 
Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into 
by the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any 
instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support 
arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Private Limited 
Liability Companies Act 1997. 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.7. 
4. 
Interest 
Notes will be interest-bearing. The Final Terms in relation to each Tranche of Notes shall 
specify which of Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate) or Condition 4B (Interest – Floating 
Rate Notes Provisions) shall be applicable and Condition 4C (Interest – Supplemental 
Provision) will be applicable to each Tranche of Notes as specified therein. In relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms may specify actual amounts of interest 
payable rather than, or in addition to, a rate or rates at which interest accrues. 
4A 
Interest — Fixed Rate 
Notes in relation to which this Condition 4A (Interest – Fixed Rate) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable ("Fixed Rate Notes") shall bear interest from their 
date of issue (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or from such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at the rate or rates per annum (or otherwise, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such interest will be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
on the Maturity Date. Interest in respect of a period of less than one year will be calculated 
on such basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
4B 
Interest — Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
4B.1 
Notes in relation to which this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable ("Floating 
Rate Notes"), shall bear interest at the rate or rates per annum (or otherwise, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) determined in accordance with this Condition 
4B (Interest – Floating Rate Notes Provisions). Condition 4C.1 shall apply to Notes 
to which this Condition 4B (Interest – Floating Rate Notes Provisions) applies.

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
4B.2 
Such Notes shall bear interest from their date of issue (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or from such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
Condition 4C.1) and on the maturity date. 
4B.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms it shall also 
specify which page (the "Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other 
information vending service shall be applicable. For these purposes, "Reuters 
Screen" means, when used in connection with any designated page and any Floating 
Rate Option, the display page so designated on the Reuters service or any successor 
display page (or such other services or service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor for the purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession 
thereto). The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") applicable to such Notes for 
each Interest Period (as defined in Condition 4C.1) shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4C.3) on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Determination Agent will determine the offered rate for deposits (or, as 
the case may require, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest ten thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates for deposits) in the relevant currency for a period of the 
duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of the euro-zone interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR")), Oslo time, in the case of the Norwegian inter-bank offered 
rate ("NIBOR")), Stockholm time, in the case of the Stockholm inter-bank 
offered rate ("STIBOR")) or Copenhagen time, in the case of the 
Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate ("CIBOR")) on the second London 
Banking Day (as defined in this Condition 4B.3) or, in the case of Notes 
denominated in euro, on the second TARGET Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 8B.2), before (or, in the case of Notes in another currency if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, on) the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (the "Interest Determination Date"); 
(ii) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, no such rate for deposits so appears 
(or, as the case may be, if fewer than two such rates for deposits so appear) 
or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Determination Agent or in 
the case of the Issue and Paying Agent, the Issuer will request appropriate 
quotations and will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of 
the rates at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered by four major 
banks in the London interbank market or, where the basis for calculating the 
Rate of Interest is EURIBOR, in the euro-zone interbank market, or, where 
the basis for calculating the Rate of Interest is NIBOR, in the Norwegian 
interbank market or, where the basis for calculating the Rate of Interest is 
STIBOR, in the Stockholm interbank market or, where the basis for 
calculating the Rate of Interest is CIBOR, in the Copenhagen interbank 
market, in each case, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (in 
the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in 
the case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the London interbank market 
or, where the basis for calculating the Rate of Interest is EURIBOR, in the 
euro-zone interbank market or, where the basis for calculating the Rate of 
Interest is NIBOR, in the Norwegian interbank market or, where the basis 
for calculating the Rate of Interest is STIBOR, in the Stockholm interbank 
market or, where the basis for calculating the Rate of Interest is CIBOR, in 
the Copenhagen interbank market, in each case, for a period of the duration

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(iii) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, 
the Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the rates so quoted; or 
(iv) 
if fewer than two rates are promptly so quoted, the Determination Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by 
four major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre (as defined in Condition 
8B.2) (or, in the case of Notes denominated in euro, in such financial centre 
or centres as the Determination Agent may select) selected by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time (or local time at 
such other financial centre or centres as aforesaid)) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the relevant currency to leading 
European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during each Interest Period will be 
the sum of the relevant margin (the "Relevant Margin") specified in the Final Terms 
and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of 
rates) so determined; provided, however, that, if the Determination Agent is unable 
to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of rates) in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of rates) determined in relation to such Notes in respect of the 
last preceding Interest Period; provided always that if there is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms a minimum interest rate or a maximum interest rate then the 
Rate of Interest shall in no event be less than or, as the case may be, exceed it. The 
Rate of Interest determined for any Interest Period shall be subject to a floor of zero 
to ensure that the Rate of Interest on any Interest Period for Floating Rate Notes is 
not negative. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "London Banking 
Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
4B.4 
ISDA Determination 
If "ISDA Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Determination Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Determination Agent were acting as Determination Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as  
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning 
given to it in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Determination Agent 
by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of 
time next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Determination Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms 
then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms 
then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then 
(a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Overnight 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then 
(a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(iii) 
If the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix 
of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Issue and 
Paying Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in 
determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions 
requires the Issue and Paying Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, will 
provide written direction to the Agent specifying how such discretion should be 
exercised, and the Issue and Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on 
that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions:  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which 
may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org).  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and 
any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such 
Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org).  
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor).  
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.  
4B.5 
Determination of Rates 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of 
Interest in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable in respect of the principal amount of the smallest or 
minimum denomination of such Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to such principal amount, multiplying the product 
by a fraction (day count fraction) the numerator of which is the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period concerned and the denominator for which is 360 (or, in 
the case of Notes denominated in pounds sterling, 365 or, when all or part of an 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, 366 for that proportion of the Interest Period so

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
falling) or by such other day count fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is 
payable (one half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards). 
4C 
Interest — Supplemental Provision 
Interest Payment Date Conventions and other Calculations 
4C.1 
 
(a) 
Business Day Convention 
The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Notes in relation to which this 
Condition 4C.1 is specified as being applicable shall specify which of the 
following conventions shall be applicable, namely: 
(i) 
the "FRN Convention", in which case interest shall be payable in 
arrear on each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which 
numerically corresponds to their date of issue or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the preceding Interest Payment Date in the calendar month which is 
the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms after the 
calendar month in which such date of issue or such other date as 
aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date 
occurred provided that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur, then the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the last 
day which is a Business Day (as defined in Condition 8B.2) 
in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if an Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the first following day which is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(c) 
if such date of issue or such other date as aforesaid or the 
preceding Interest Payment Date occurred on the last day in 
a calendar month which was a Business Day, then all 
subsequent Interest Payment Dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which such date of issue or such other date as aforesaid or, as 
the case may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date 
occurred; 
(ii) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", in which case 
interest shall be payable in arrear on such dates (each an "Interest 
Payment Date") as are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest Payment 
Date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the relevant

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Interest Payment Date will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
the "Following Business Day Convention" in which case interest 
shall be payable in arrear on such dates (each an "Interest Payment 
Date") as are specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that, 
if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is 
not a Business Day, the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the 
first following day which is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"No Adjustment" in which case the relevant date shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention; or 
(v) 
such other convention as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for 
any period of time ("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual (ISDA)", "Act/Act" or 
"Act/Act (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or 
"A/365F" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)"or "Act/Act (ICMA)" is so specified, 
means a fraction equal to "number of days accrued/number of days 
in year", as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, 
rules and recommendations of the International Capital Market 
Association (the "ICMA Rule Book"), calculated in accordance with 
Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non U.S. dollars 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 
December 1998, as though the interest coupon on a bond were being 
calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the Calculation 
Period; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, means the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February but not the Termination Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Each period beginning on (and including) such date of issue or such other 
date as aforesaid and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called 
an "Interest Period". 
Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest Payment Dates 
4C.2 
The Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, floating rate, Interest 
Payment Date, final day of a calculation period, Interest Amount, floating amount or 
other item, as the case may be, determined or calculated by it to be notified to the 
Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent. The Issue and Paying Agent will cause all 
such determination or calculations to be notified to the other Paying Agents (from 
whose respective specified offices such information will be available) and to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable after such 
determination or calculation but in any event not later than the fourth London 
Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier, in the case of notification to any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the time required by the rules of 
any such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. The 
Determination Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount, floating 
amount, Interest Payment Date or final day of a calculation period (or to make 
appropriate alternative arrangements by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of the extension or abbreviation of any relevant Interest Period or 
calculation period and such amendment will be notified in accordance with the first 
two sentences of this Condition 4C.2. 
4C.3 
The determination by the Determination Agent of all items falling to be determined 
by it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be final and binding on all parties. 
"Determination Agent" means the entity specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Accrual of Interest 
4C.4 
Interest shall accrue on the principal amount of each Note or, in the case of an 
Instalment Note, on each instalment of principal, on the paid up principal amount of 
such Note or otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms from the Interest 
Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Interest will cease 
to accrue as from the due date for redemption therefor (or, in the case of an 
Instalment Note, in respect of each instalment of principal, on the due date for 
payment thereof) unless upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation 
and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment) 
due presentation or surrender thereof, payment in full of the principal amount or the 
relevant instalment or, as the case may be, redemption amount is improperly 
withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof (or, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, the consent of the Relevant Regulator for such payment 
has not been given or, having been given, has been withdrawn and not replaced) in 
which case interest shall continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any 
demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes 
or such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Default 
Rate") until the earlier of (i) the date on which, upon due presentation of the relevant 
Note (if required), the relevant payment is made or (ii) (except in the case of any 
payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as 
a precondition of payment) the seventh day after the date on which notice is given 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) that the Issue and Paying 
Agent has received the funds required to make such payment (except to the extent 
that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
4D 
Interest — Benchmark Discontinuation  
Independent Adviser 
4D.1 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate (subject to the terms of this 
Condition 4D), failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
4D.2) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
4D.3) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4D.4). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4D shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, 
the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4D.1.  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 4D.1 prior to the relevant Reset Date or Interest Determination Date, 
as applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest applicable in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. Where a different Margin, Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, respectively, shall be substituted in place of the Margin, Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4D.1 shall apply to

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4D.1.  However, the Issuer shall, in circumstances where it has been 
unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in 
either case) Adjustment Spread pursuant to Condition 4D, re-apply the provisions of 
Condition 4D if and when, in its sole determination, there have been such subsequent 
developments (whether in applicable law, market practice or otherwise) as would 
enable it successfully to apply such provisions and determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the applicable Benchmark Amendments (if any). 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
4D.2 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4D.3) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4D); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4D.3) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 4D). 
Adjustment Spread 
4D.3 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread), if any, shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
Benchmark Amendments 
4D.4 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4D and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 4D.5, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Holders, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4D, the Determination Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4D to which, in the 
sole opinion of the Determination Agent, would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Determination Agent in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. In connection with any such 
variation in accordance with this Condition 4D.4, the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4D, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to (a) prejudice the qualification 
of the Notes as (i) MREL Eligible Liabilities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, or (ii) Tier 2 capital, in the case of Subordinated Notes, or (b) result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case 
may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.  
Notices, etc. 
4D.5 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this 
Condition 4D will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Determination Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Holders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Holders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Determination Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
4D; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Issue and Paying Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection 
by the Holders at all reasonable times during normal business hours or may be 
provided by email to the Noteholders following their prior written request to the 
Issue and Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Issue and Paying Agent).   
The Determination Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Determination Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Determination Agent and the Holders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4D, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Determination Agent's opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
determination or calculation under this Condition 4D, the Determination Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Determination Agent 
in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Determination 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Determination Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) 
shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
4D.6 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4D.1, 4D.2, 4D.3 
and 4D.4, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4B.3 will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, this Condition 4D shall 
prevail. 
Definitions: 
4D.7 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to a Successor Rate, no such recommendation has been made 
as aforesaid and, in all cases, in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread as aforesaid is customarily 
applied, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer determines that no industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged as aforesaid and, consequently, no such spread, formula or 
methodology can be determined in accordance with (i) to (iii) above, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of 
this subclause (iv) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to the Holders.

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines in accordance with Condition 4D.2 
is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any 
MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, 
the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect 
to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or 
not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Issuer Group). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4D.2. 
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a 
period of at least 5 Business Days; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is 
or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Determination Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder 
using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate 
will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement.

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Determination Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Determination Agent shall have no responsibility for making such determination. 
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 
26 June, 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June, 
2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or 
implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time, including by 
the CRD V Directive. 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
or other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or 
in conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements 
to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer (on a unconsolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June, 2013 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June, 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time, including by CRR II. 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international debt 
capital markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4D.1. 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined 
by then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Issuer Group under 
Applicable MREL Regulations. 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, 
on the Notes; or

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of Condition 4D, 
as applicable. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase and Substitution or Variation 
Redemption at Maturity 
5.1 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note shall 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its maturity redemption amount (the "Maturity Redemption 
Amount") (which shall be its principal amount or such other Maturity Redemption Amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, in the case of Instalment Notes, in such 
number of instalments and in such amounts as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Instalment Amounts")) on the date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
5.2 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 5.18, if, in relation to any Series of 
Notes, provided the Issuer satisfies the Issue and Paying Agent that (i) as a result of any 
change in the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on 
or after the date of issue of such Notes or any other date specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), 
and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, the Issuer may, at its option and having given no less than 15 nor more than 60 days' 
notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon 
which interest is payable) to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their early tax redemption amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)") (which shall be their outstanding principal amount or 
such other Early Redemption Amount (Tax) as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms), less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the 
aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of 
such Note prior to the date fixed for redemption under any other of these Terms and

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Conditions (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon (calculated as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) provided, however, that no such 
notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of 
days falling within the then current interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2 the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Issue and Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describing the facts 
leading thereto, and the Issue and Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which case it shall 
become conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholders and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances 
prevail, and the Issue and Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such opinion as sufficient 
evidence of the condition precedent set out in (i) above in which case it shall become 
conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholders. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under Condition 5.6 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Authorised Signatory" means any director of the Issuer acting jointly with another 
director, or the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Issuer's Chief Executive Officer 
acting individually.  
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
5.3 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 5.18, if this Condition 5.3 is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having given the 
appropriate notice (as defined in Condition 5.4 below) to the Noteholders and having 
notified the Issue and Paying Agent prior to the provision of such notice and subject to such 
conditions as may be specified in the Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the 
extent that the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, some only) of the Notes of the 
relevant Series at their call early redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount 
(Call)") (which shall be their outstanding principal amount or such other Early Redemption 
Amount (Call) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any 
Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and 
payable under any other of these Terms and Conditions prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon (calculated as provided in these Terms and Conditions and 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) on the date specified in such notice. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under Condition 5.6. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
eligible to comply with MREL (if MREL requirements are imposed on the Issuer in the 
future), redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 will be subject 
to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if 
and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time.

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
5.4 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 5.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), which notice shall be signed by two duly Authorised Signatories of 
the Issuer and shall specify: 
• 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
• 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be 
redeemed; 
• 
the due date for such redemption which shall be a Business Day, which shall be not 
less than 15 days (or such lesser period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) after the date on which such notice is validly given and which is, in the case 
of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; 
and 
• 
the Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make 
the redemption therein specified. 
Partial Redemption 
5.5 
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 5.3, the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European city as the 
Issue and Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in such other 
place as the Issue and Paying Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair subject 
always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the relevant Notes may be listed and/or 
quoted. 
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 5.3 in relation to some 
only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Notes 
to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in these Terms and Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
eligible to comply with MREL (if MREL requirements are imposed on the Issuer in the 
future), redemption at the option of the Issuer pursuant to the Condition 5.5 will be subject 
to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if 
and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations and may only take place in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
5.6 
If this Condition 5.6 is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes, then the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder 
of any such Note of the relevant Series, redeem such Note on the date or the dates specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its put early redemption amount (the "Early Redemption 
Amount (Put)") (which shall be its principal amount or such other Early Redemption 
Amount (Put) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments that 
shall have become due and payable in respect of such Instalment Note under any other of 
these Terms and Conditions prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 60 days before the 
date so specified (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
deposit the relevant Note (together, in the case of a Definitive Note, with any unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto) with any Paying Agent together with a duly completed 
redemption notice in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents. No such Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
The Early Redemption Amount (Put) shall not apply in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, to the extent this Condition 5.6 is specified as being not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes, and Holders of such Notes 
may not redeem such Notes prior to the Maturity Date. 
The Holder of a Note may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under either Condition 
5.2 or Condition 5.3. 
Redemption upon Regulatory Event - Subordinated Notes  
5.7 
This Condition 5.7 applies only to Subordinated Notes where a Regulatory Call is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and 
"Couponholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.18, at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at the Regulatory Event Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, together with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, 
provided that the Issuer has given notice to the Noteholders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 and to the Issue and Paying Agent (such notice being irrevocable), within the 
time period specified in the relevant Final Terms (being not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days before the date fixed for redemption). 
Upon the expiry of the notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.7, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and the Issue and Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept and rely on the 
certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent 
set out above without further enquiry and without assuming any liability to any person for 
so doing, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to time and then in effect (whether or not 
such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer Group). 
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
"Regulatory Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are excluded 
in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Issuer Group. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 capital (Tilleggskapital) as described in CRR.  
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event 
5.8 
This Condition 5.8 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes , Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes where this Condition 5.8 is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly.  
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.18, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.3 above 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
Upon the expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes."MREL 
Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change 
in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or 
interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the "eligible liabilities" 
(or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however 
called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Issuer Group is 
then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that an 
MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by 
(1) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable 
limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted 
or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.8, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Issue and Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and the Issue and Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept and rely on the 
certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent 
set out above without further enquiry and without assuming any liability to any person for 
so doing, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.  
Substitution or Variation upon Regulatory Event 
5.9 
This Condition 5.9 applies only to Subordinated Notes where this Condition 5.9 is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and 
"Couponholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.  
If at any time a Regulatory Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17.6, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 5.18 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 and the Issue and Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation) either substitute all (but

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Securities. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution 
or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the 
new terms and conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be 
deemed to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant to the 
Issuer full power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document 
in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to 
complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
The Issue and Paying Agent shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the 
substitution of Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Securities, provided that the Issue and Paying 
Agent receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof.  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than 
the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer having taken 
into consideration applicable guidance of the Relevant Regulator and the 
European Banking Authority, if any), and provided that a certification to 
such effect of two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer shall have been 
delivered to the Issue and Paying Agent not less than five Business Days 
prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the 
case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall:  
(i)  
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be;  
(ii) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be;  
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal 
amount as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of 
interest as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be; 
(v) 
comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator 
in relation to Tier 2 Capital;  
(vi)  
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date; and

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(vii)  
where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
Substitution or Variation upon MREL Disqualification Event 
5.10 
This Condition 5.10 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes where this Condition 5.10 is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" shall be 
construed accordingly.  
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17.6, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.18 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary 
the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL 
Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give 
rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Issue and Paying Agent shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the 
substitution of Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying MREL Securities, provided that the Issue and Paying Agent 
receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities 
in accordance with the provisions thereof.  
"Qualifying MREL Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than 
the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided 
that a certification to such effect of two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
shall have been delivered to the Issue and Paying Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue 
of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such 
variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall: 
(i) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be,  
(ii) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be,  
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal 
amount as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of 
interest as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be,

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(v) 
comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations,  
(vi) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date, and  
(vii) 
where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
Substitution or Variation for tax reasons 
5.11 
This Condition 5.11 applies only to Notes where this Condition 5.11 is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and 
"Couponholders" shall be construed accordingly.  
If at any time a circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Notes for 
taxation reasons under Condition 5.2 occurs and is continuing, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.18 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Issue and 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of 
the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of 
the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Issue and Paying Agent shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the 
substitution of Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying Securities, provided that the Issue and Paying Agent 
receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying Securities in 
accordance with the provisions thereof.  
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than 
the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided 
that a certification to such effect of two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
shall have been delivered to the Issue and Paying Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue 
of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such 
variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall: 
(i) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be,  
(ii) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be,

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal 
amount as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of 
interest as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be,  (vi) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and  
(vii) 
where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
Purchase of Notes 
5.12 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 5.18, the Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes of a Series insofar as this is permitted by 
Norwegian law in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that, in the case 
of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Holders of such 
Series alike in a place and following procedures previously approved in writing by the Issue 
and Paying Agent. 
Retention or Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Notes 
5.13 
Any Notes purchased by the Issuer or a subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.12 
may, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary, be retained by the Issuer or the 
relevant subsidiary, or be resold or surrendered by the Issuer or that subsidiary to a Paying 
Agent for cancellation and cannot thereafter be reissued or resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
5.14 
The provisions of Condition 4C.2 shall apply to any determination or calculation of the 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount required by the Final Terms to be made by 
the Determination Agent. 
5.15 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Maturity 
Redemption Amount, the final Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early 
Redemption Amount (Call), Early Redemption Amount (Put), Early Termination Amount 
and Regulatory Event Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or, where applicable, determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the Final Terms. 
Notices 
5.16 
Notices of early redemption (whether full or partial) of Notes shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Notification of Euronext Dublin 
5.17 
The Issuer shall notify Euronext Dublin of any early redemption (whether full or partial) of 
Notes. 
Consent 
5.18 
This Condition 5.18 applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where Regulatory Consent is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms ("Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes"), (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (iii) Subordinated Notes. 
In the case of (i) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be), no early redemption in any circumstances, 
substitution or variation under Condition 5.9 (in the case of Subordinated Notes), 
substitution or variation under Condition 5.10 (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) or under Condition 5.11, or purchase under Condition 
5.12 shall take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (in each 
case, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations).  In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 5.2 and Condition 5.7 only, and except to the extent the Relevant 
Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated Notes before 
five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior 
Preferred, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes under Condition 5.1 
(Redemption at Maturity) shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
6. 
Events of Default 
Events of Default - Senior Preferred Notes, where applicable 
6.1 
This Condition 6.1 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and references to "Notes" 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, if any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an "Event of 
Default"), such Event of Default shall be an acceleration event in relation to the Notes of 
any Series, namely: 
(i) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in 
respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or any of them and such default continues 
for a period of seven days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, in the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement and (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for a period of 30 days following written notice by any Noteholder to the 
Issuer or to the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(iii) 
Cross default: if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined in Condition 
6.2) of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer fails to make any payment 
in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for such 
payment or within any originally applicable grace period, or any security given by

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
the Issuer for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable and steps 
are taken to enforce the same, or if default is made by the Issuer in making any 
payment when due (or within any originally applicable grace period in respect 
thereof) under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no such event 
as aforesaid shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money or other liability relative thereto either alone or when aggregated 
with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities relative to all 
(if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall amount to at least 
U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency on the basis of the middle 
spot rate for the relevant currency against the U.S. dollars as quoted by any leading 
bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
(iv) 
Winding up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for 
the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (except in any such case for the purpose 
of reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation which has been previously approved 
by a resolution or a merger with another financial institution in this case even without 
being approved by a resolution provided that any entity that survives or is created 
as a result of such merger is given a rating by an internationally recognised rating 
agency at least equal to the then current rating of the Issuer at the time of such 
merger); or 
(v) 
Cessation of business: if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole 
or a substantial part of its business, (except in any such case for the purpose of 
reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation which has been previously approved by 
a resolution or a merger with another financial institution in this case even without 
being approved by a resolution provided that any entity that survives or is created 
as a result of such merger is given a rating by an internationally recognised rating 
agency at least equal to the then current rating of the Issuer at the time of such 
merger), or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable 
to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
Insolvency proceedings: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
or an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to 
the Issuer or in relation to the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of it, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of 
either of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of the 
undertaking or assets or any of them, and (b) in any case is not discharged within 14 
days; or 
(vii) 
Arrangements with creditors: if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement 
with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors). 
Events of Default – Senior Preferred Notes, where applicable, and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
6.2 
This Condition 6.2 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes unless Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. If any of the following events occurs and is 
continuing (each an "Event of Default"), such Event of Default shall be an acceleration 
event in relation to the Notes of any Series, namely: 
(i) 
Winding up: if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for 
the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (except in any such case for the purpose 
of reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation which has been previously approved 
by a resolution or a merger with another financial institution in this case even without 
being approved by a resolution provided that any entity that survives or is created 
as a result of such merger is given a rating by an internationally recognised rating 
agency at least equal to the then current rating of the Issuer at the time of such 
merger); or 
(ii) 
Insolvency proceedings: if (a) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
or an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to 
the Issuer or in relation to the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of it, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of 
either of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a part of the 
undertaking or assets or any of them, and (b) in any case is not discharged within 14 
days. 
6.3 
As used herein "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means (i) money borrowed and 
premiums and accrued interest in respect thereof, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any 
acceptance or acceptance credit and (iii) the principal and premium (if any) and accrued 
interest in respect of any bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, certificates 
of deposit or other securities whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash. 
6.4 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, the Holder of such 
Note or Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent, declare that such Note or Notes and all interest then accrued on such Note or 
Notes shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately 
due and payable at its early termination amount (the "Early Termination Amount") (which 
shall be its principal amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified 
in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any 
Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and 
payable in respect of such Notes under any other of these Terms and Conditions prior to the 
date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and 
payable), together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything 
contained in such Note or Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
No Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes 
6.5 
This Condition 6.5 shall apply only to Subordinated Notes, and references to "Notes", 
"Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. There 
are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes.  
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainable Bonds 
6.6 
In the case of any Notes where the "Use of Proceeds" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
are stated to be for Eligible Projects, no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds (as applicable) shall arise as a result of the 
net proceeds of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds (as applicable) not 
being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Taxation 
7.1 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (in the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where Restricted Gross-up Senior 
Preferred Notes is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes, only in respect of the payment of interest on 
such Notes and/or Coupons) as will result in receipt by the Holder of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
7.2 
The Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts as referred to in Condition 
7.1 in relation to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder of a Note, Receipt or Coupon who is 
liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom 
of Norway other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an 
intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
7.3 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of 
any payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Issue and Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received and being available for payment to Holders of Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the 
relevant Series in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7.4 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
"principal" shall include any premium payable in respect of a Note, any Instalment Amount

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
or Redemption Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions and "interest" shall include all amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest) and any other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to 
these Terms and Conditions. 
8. 
Payments 
8A 
Payments 
8A.1 
Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Notes will be made 
against presentation and (save in the case of a partial redemption which includes, in 
the case of an Instalment Note, payment of any instalment other than the final 
instalment) surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents. 
8A.2 
Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless 
Condition 8A.3 applies) the United States and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time 
of their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes 
at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 
8A.3 applies) the United States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at 
the time of their initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons 
or, in the case of interest due otherwise than on a scheduled date for the 
payment of interest, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes, in 
either case at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless 
Condition 8A.4 applies) the United States. 
8A.3 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Notes and exchanges 
of Talons for Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 8A.6 will not be made at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the United 
States Internal Revenue Code and Regulations thereunder) unless (a) payment in full 
of amounts due in respect of interest on such Notes when due or, as the case may be, 
the exchange of Talons at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions, and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by applicable United 
States law. If parts (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer shall 
forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
8A.4 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 8B.2) and (in the case of 
Definitive Notes only) a local banking day (as defined in Condition 8B.2), then the 
Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is 
such a day (or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, thereafter will 
be entitled to receive payment on a Relevant Financial Centre Day and (in the case 
of Definitive Notes only) a local banking day and no further payment on account of 
interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such delay or adjustment unless there 
is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 4C.4.

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
8A.5 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should be 
presented and, save in the case of partial payment which includes, in the case of an 
Instalment Note, payment of any instalment other than the final instalment, 
surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not 
being made in full, that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which 
the redemption amount paid bears to the total redemption amount due) 
(excluding, for this purpose, Talons) will be deducted from the amount 
otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being 
payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents at any time within ten years of the Relevant Date 
applicable to payment of such final redemption amount; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above 
or below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for this purpose, 
but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) relating to such 
Definitive Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached 
thereto, all unmatured Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall 
become void and no exchange for Coupons shall be made thereafter in 
respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 8A.5 notwithstanding, if any 
Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates should be issued with a 
maturity date and a fixed rate or fixed rates such that, on the presentation for payment 
of any such Definitive Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would 
be greater than the amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Definitive Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not 
attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as 
shall be required so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in 
respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by 
paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the amount otherwise due for 
payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all 
of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Note to become void, the relevant 
Paying Agent shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and 
shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to 
Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
8A.6 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or 
after the due date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised 
in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside (unless Condition 
8A.3 applies) the United States in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including 
any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription) below. Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the payment of interest on which 
the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
8A.7 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "United States" means the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia)

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
8B 
Payments — General Provisions 
8B.1 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of Notes will be made in the currency in which such amount is 
due by (a) cheque or (b) at the option of the payee, transfer to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. Payments will, without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation), be subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations. 
8B.2 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, save as otherwise defined, the 
following terms shall have the meaning set out below: 
(i) 
"Business Day" means a day: 
• 
in relation to Notes denominated or payable in euro which is a 
TARGET Business Day; and 
• 
in relation to Notes payable in any other currency, on which 
commercial banks are open for business and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre in respect 
of the relevant currency; and, in either case, 
• 
on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in any place specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of presentation of the 
relevant Note or, as the case may be, Coupon; 
(iii) 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means such financial centre or centres as may 
be specified in relation to the relevant currency for the purposes of the 
definition of "Business Day" in the ISDA Definitions; 
(iv) 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the Relevant Financial Centre (which in the case of 
Australian dollars shall be Melbourne and which in the case of New Zealand 
dollars shall be Wellington) and in any other place specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in the case of payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET 
Business Day; 
(v) 
"TARGET Business Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System, 
or any successor thereto, is open for the settlement of payments in euro; and 
(vi) 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) payment system which 
utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007.

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
9. 
Prescription 
9.1 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the 
case of interest, five years after the Relevant Date for payment thereof. 
9.2 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall 
not be included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which 
would be void upon issue pursuant to Condition 8A.5 or the due date for the payment of 
which would fall after the due date for the redemption of the relevant Note or which would 
be void pursuant to this Condition 9 (Prescription) or any Talon the maturity date of which 
would fall after the due date for redemption of the relevant Note. 
10. 
The Paying Agents and the Determination Agent 
10.1 
The initial Paying Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. 
The Determination Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the Final Terms. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Issue and Paying Agent) or the Determination Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or another Determination Agent provided that it will at 
all times maintain (i) an Issue and Paying Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent (which may be the an 
Issue and Paying Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city, (iii) so long 
as the Notes are listed on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Issue and Paying Agent) with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, (iv) in the circumstances described in Condition 8A.3, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City, and (v) a Determination Agent where required by 
the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Notes (in the case of (i), (ii) and (v) with a 
specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by the Terms and 
Conditions). The Paying Agents and the Determination Agent reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of 
all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents or the Determination 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
10.2 
The Paying Agents and the Determination Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, save 
as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or any other agreement entered into 
with respect to its appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for any Holder of any Note or Coupon and each of them shall only be 
responsible for the performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement or other agreement entered into with respect to its 
appointment or incidental thereto. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent or such Paying Agent or Paying Agents 
as may be specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of Notes and 
Coupons), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system on which the relevant Notes are listed and/or quoted, upon 
payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and 
upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Issue 
and Paying Agent or the relevant Paying Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes and 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor.

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
12.1 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Terms and Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement). 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or 
more Voters (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, 
however, that Reserved Matters (as defined in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders 
at which two or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Holders of Notes and/or Coupons, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it 
were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
12.2 
The Notes, these Terms and Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Holders of Notes and/or Coupons to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
13. 
Notices 
Notices to Holders of Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in an English 
language daily newspaper in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or on 
the website of Euronext Dublin if the Notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (and, so 
long as such Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require), 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or, in either case if such 
publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe or, in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their 
respective records as having interests therein provided that, in the case of Notes admitted 
to listing on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the requirements 
of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, have been complied with. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the first date on which publication is made) 
or, as the case may be, on the fourth day after the date of such delivery to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system. Holders of Coupons will 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 13.

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes or 
Coupons create and issue further instruments, bonds or debentures having the same terms 
and conditions as such Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest, if any, on them and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with 
the Notes of any particular Series. 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Contractual Currency") is the sole currency of account and 
payment for all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any 
amount received or recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as 
a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or 
otherwise) by any Holder of a Note or Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to 
it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount 
in the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so 
received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it 
is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount in the Contractual Currency 
expressed to be due to any Holder of a Note or Coupon in respect of such Note or Coupon 
the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. 
In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such 
purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Holder of a Note or Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any judgment, 
order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the relevant Holder of a Note or Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual 
loss will be required by the Issuer. 
16. 
Waiver and Remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder of any Note, any 
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise 
thereof preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights 
hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given 
in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or 
other instances without such notice or demand. 
17. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
17.1 
The status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Condition 3.2) and the status of the 
Subordinated Notes (Condition 3.3), and any write-down or conversion of the Notes in 
accordance with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time is 
governed by Norwegian law. Save as aforesaid, the terms and conditions of the Notes, the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the terms and conditions of the Notes, the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.2 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising 
from or in connection with the Notes including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes or the consequences of their nullity.

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
17.3 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which they might now or hereafter have to the 
courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any proceedings and 
to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or 
appropriate forum. 
17.4 
Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer 
(a) appoints Banco Santander, S.A., London branch at 2 Triton Square, Regent's Place, 
London, NW1 3AN as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings or, if 
different, at any other address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which service of process may 
from time to time be served on it and (b) agree that failure by an agent for service of process 
to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned. If the 
appointment of the person mentioned in this Condition 17.4 ceases to be effective, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf 
in England and notify the name and address of such person to the Issue and Paying Agent 
and, failing such appointment within fifteen days, any Holder of Notes shall be entitled to 
appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect 
the right of any Holder of Notes to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition 17.4 applies to proceedings in England and to proceedings elsewhere. 
17.5 
The submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England is for the benefit of the 
Holders of the Notes only and therefore shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit 
the right of the Holders of the Notes or any of them to take proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if 
and to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
17.6 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder of Notes (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 17.6, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), 
by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in 
(without limitation) any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In this Condition 17.6: 
"Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in the Kingdom of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the 
BRRD, including sections 20-14 and 20-24 of the Financial Institutions Act, and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other 
amounts which may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the 
Notes. References to such amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have 
become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; and 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability 
to exercise any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Series of Notes under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in 
italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the 
Final Terms. 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300A08LH2961IPN13 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS -  The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS -  The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
"CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be [capital 
markets products other than] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and [Excluded]/ [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3 
 
 [PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [insert date] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [insert date]] [is] [are] available for 
viewing at [address] [and] on https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be 
obtained from [address].4 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [15 June 2016/26 June 2017/4 July 2018/27 
June 2019/8 July 2020/6 July 2021] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [insert date] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022]. This document constitutes 
 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as defined 
under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
4 
In the case of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, references to the Prospectus Regulation to be removed.

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022 [and the supplement(s) to 
it dated [insert date], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]].] 
 [In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. [Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of 
the 
Series] 
on 
[insert 
date/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 18 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable]] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate — Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR] +/- [ ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified at points 12 and 13 
below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]5 
 
 
[Issuer Call]6 
 
 
[(further particulars specified at points 14 and 15 
below)][Not applicable] 
 
5 
Not applicable in the case of Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. When applicable Euroclear must be given a 
minimum of 5 business days' notice and Clearstream, Luxembourg must be given a minimum of 15 business days' notice of exercise 
of Investor put option. 
6 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must be given 5 business days' notice of Issuer call option.

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
11. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Non-Preferred/ 
Subordinated] 
(A) 
No 
Right 
of 
Set-Off 
or 
Counterclaim: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only relevant for 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
(B) 
Regulatory Consent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only relevant for 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
(C) 
Restricted Gross-up Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only relevant for 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
(D) 
Unrestricted Events of Default: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only relevant for 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained]: 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable (in respect of period 
from (and including) [     ] to (but excluding)       [  
]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention/not adjusted]. 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[ ] per [ ] Principal Amount 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual 
 
 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[
Actual/360] 
 
(v) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon). 
 
 
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable (in respect of period 
from (and including) [     ] to (but excluding)       [  
]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ No adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[ ] (the "Determination Agent")

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR][NIBOR] 
[STIBOR][CIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ]  
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
 
 
 
 
[ ]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
-Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/ [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [ ] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ] /[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
-Averaging Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [ ] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
-Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [ ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND SUBSTITUTION OR VARIATION 
14. 
Call Option (Condition 5.3):  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(The clearing systems require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice if such an option is to be 
exercised) 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Redemption 
Date: 
[ ]: 
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Redemption 
Amount (Call) of each Note: 
[ ] per Note of [ ] specified denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
15. 
Put Option (Condition 5.6): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(Euroclear require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
require a minimum of 15 business days' notice if 
such an option is to be exercised) 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ]  
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Redemption 
Amount (Put) of each Note: 
[ ] per Note of [ ] specified denomination 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
16. 
Regulatory Call (Condition 5.7) 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(Regulatory Call only relevant for 
Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(The clearing systems require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice if such an option is to be 
exercised) 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Note of [ ] specified denomination 
 
(ii)  
Notice period: 
[ ] 
17. 
Redemption upon occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption 
therefor: 
[Applicable 
– 
Condition 
5.8 
applies/Not 
applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the amount payable on 
redemption following an MREL Disqualification 
Event) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
18. 
Maturity Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[ ] per Note of [ ] specified denomination 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax): 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default: 
[ ]

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
20. 
Substitution and Variation  
 
[Applicable  - Condition 5.9/5.10/5.11] applies/ 
Not applicable] 
(Condition 5.9 is only relevant for Subordinated 
Notes) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005]7 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes] [No] [ ] 
24. 
Business Day: 
[Not applicable/[ ]] [Specify any additional 
financial centres necessary for the purposes of 
Condition [8B.2] or any modification required.] 
25. 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Specify any modification required.] 
26. 
Relevant Financial Centre Day: 
[Specify any additional financial centres 
necessary for the purposes of Condition [8B.2], 
or [8A.4].] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Payment Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Number of Instalments: 
[ ] 
DISTRIBUTION 
28. 
[(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not applicable/[ ]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription 
Agreement] 
[ ] 
29. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer/Manager: 
[ ]  
30. 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable]/[give name] 
31. 
[Total commission and concession: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
32. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D] 
33. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
 
7  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
34. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
35. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction.)

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
CONFIRMED 
Issuer 
SANTANDER CONSUMER BANK AS 
 
By:  __________________________________ 
Authorised Signatory 
Date

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on its 
regulated market with effect from [ ]] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need 
to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
 
admission to trading: 
 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Trade Date 
[ ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have not been] rated: 
[Moody's: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[ ]] 
[[Other]: 
[ ]] 
[These credit ratings have been issued by [Moody's Investors Service Ltd], [and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited] [other]. 
[Each of [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] [and] [Specify Other] is established in the European 
Economic Area and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). As such each of [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] [and] [Specify 
Other] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the EU CRA Regulation can be found at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs.] 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Economic Area and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[Insert the legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority on 
its website in accordance with such Regulation.][Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
[The rating [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] [and] [Specify Other] [has]/[have] given to the 
Notes has been endorsed by [Fitch Ratings Ltd] [and] [Specify Other], which [is]/[are] 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
[Each of [Moody's Investors Service Ltd] [and] [Specify Other] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such each of Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd] [and] [Specify Other] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority on its website in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the UK CRA Regulation can be found at list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the Financial Services Register published by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority, on its website https://register.fca.org.uk/s/.] 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
[The rating [Moody's Investors Service Ltd] [and] [Specify Other] [has]/[have] given to the 
Notes has been endorsed by [Moody's Deutschland GmbH] [and] [Specify Other], which 
[is]/[are] established in the European Economic Area and registered under [Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation")/[the EU CRA Regulation].] 
[Insert the legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority 
on its website in accordance with such Regulation.][Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Save as discussed in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.]/[•]/[Not applicable] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] per cent. 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.]] 
 
5. 
[Floating Rate Notes only — HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
(i) Historic interest rates 
Details 
of 
historic 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
(ii) Benchmarks 
[[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011]/ [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
Any Clearing System other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg the relevant 
identification numbers: 
[ ] [Not applicable] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ]  
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" 
simply means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as 
eligible 
collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being specified that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
"No" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as 
eligible 
collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer and estimated net 
proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes 
(the estimated amount of which is [ ]) will 
be used for [General Corporate Purposes 
(as such term is defined in the Base 
Prospectus)] / [Eligible Projects (as such 
term is defined in the Base Prospectus)] / 
[specify other - if the use of proceeds is 
different from General Corporate Purposes 
and/or Eligible Projects and there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will need to be stated here]] 
 
Green Bond:  
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
Social Bond:  
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
Sustainable Bond:  
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
[Second Party Opinion Provider: 
[ ] 
Date of Second Party Opinion: 
[ ]]

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and received by the Paying Agents against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Paying Agents within seven days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
b) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
c) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth 
day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant 20 July 
2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being 
entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they 
had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in 
a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply 
to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and 
in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 5.6 (Optional Early Redemption 
(Put)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Issue and Paying Agent 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 5.3 
(Optional Early Redemption (Call)) in relation to only some of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Terms and Conditions but in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, 
for so long as such Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, 
such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin, in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Ireland or, in either case if such publication is not practicable, if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
History and development 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Santander Consumer Bank AS ("SCB") and its company 
registration number is 983,521,592. 
The Issuer incorporates the three former companies Elcon Finans AS (org.nr. 930 242 101) ("Elcon"), Bankia 
Bank ASA (org. nr. 983 521 592) ("Bankia") and GE Money Bank AB (org. nr. 516401-9936) ("GE Money 
Bank"). Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. (the "Parent Company") acquired Elcon in 2004, which at the 
time had both an auto finance and a factoring and equipment leasing business. As part of the acquisition, an 
agreement was signed with Société Générale to separate, through a demerger, the factoring and equipment 
leasing business. The demerger was completed on 2 May 2005, with effect from 1 January 2005. The 
remaining business, auto finance, was continued in Elcon. 
The Parent Company acquired Bankia in 2005. In the same year, a merger of Bankia and Elcon was completed 
with Bankia Bank AS (formerly Bankia) as the acquiring company. 
Bankia was incorporated for an indefinite term on 6 June 2001 under the Norwegian Public Limited Liability 
Companies Act of 13 June 1997 no. 45 and licensed as a commercial bank under the now abolished Norwegian 
Act on Commercial Banks of 24 May 1961 no. 2. It was registered with the Norwegian Register of Business 
Enterprises (Brønnøysundregistrene) on 6 July 2001 with the organisation number set out above and began its 
operations on the same day as its incorporation. In 2005 the Issuer converted from a public limited liability 
company to a private limited liability company and changed its name from Bankia Bank ASA to Bankia Bank 
AS and later the same year to its current name, Santander Consumer Bank AS. 
In June 2014, the Parent Company signed a definitive agreement with GE Money Nordic Holding AB to 
acquire the GE Capital business in the Kingdom of Norway, Sweden and Denmark (GE Money Bank). GE 
Money Bank's main areas of business at that time were consumer loans, point of sale finance and credit cards 
offered across the Kingdom of Norway, Sweden, and Denmark. The acquisition took place in November 2014 
after regulatory approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and the Swedish Competition 
Authority. In board meetings conducted on 16 March 2015, the boards of directors of the Issuer and GE Money 
Bank (at that time renamed to Santander Consumer Bank AB) decided to propose to their respective general 
meetings that the two companies merge, with the Issuer as the surviving company. The proposed merger and 
merger plan were finally approved in the respective general meetings on 24 April 2015. Following approval 
by both the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
("FSAN"), the merger was completed on 1 July 2015. 
The inclusion of GE Money Bank provided further customer, product and geographical diversification across 
the Nordic countries. 
On 28 February 2020, the Issuer closed an agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the shares in Forso Nordic 
AB from Ford Motor Company. Forso Nordic AB is the captive finance operation of Ford Motor Company in 
the Nordics and is headquartered in Sweden, Gothenburg, with a subsidiary in Finland and branches in Norway 
and Denmark. To fully integrate the Forso business, the board of directors of the Issuer has resolved to merge 
Forso Nordic AB into the Issuer and Forso Nordic AB's Finnish subsidiary, Forso Finance Oy, into the Issuer's 
Finnish subsidiary, Santander Consumer Finance Oy. The merger between the Issuer and Forso Nordic AB 
was completed on 10 September 2020 and the merger of Santander Consumer Finance Oy and Forso Finance 
Oy was completed on 1 November 2020. 
The Issuer's activities are subject to Norwegian legislation applicable to financial institutions and the 
supervision of the FSAN. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private limited liability company under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway 
with a licence to operate as a commercial bank and has its registered office at Strandveien 18, PB 177, 1325 
Lysaker. The telephone number of its registered office is +47 21 08 30 00.  
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Company which is part of the Santander Group. As at 
31 December 2021, the Parent Company had 100 per cent. direct and indirect ownership interest in the share 
capital of the Issuer.

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Business overview 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
The Issuer's principal object, as set out in its articles of association, is to engage in all business and services 
which are normal or customary for banks to carry out, including leasing, car financing, consumer loans, 
deposits and associated activities. 
The Issuer's primary activity is related to automobile finance, credit card business, consumer loans and 
deposits. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer has branches in both Denmark and Sweden as well as a wholly 
owned subsidiary in Finland (the "Issuer Group"). The Danish and Swedish branches of the Issuer each offer 
the same variety of products as the Issuer. The Issuer's Finnish subsidiary offers car financing, consumer loans 
& sales finance, and does not offer deposits or credit cards at this time. 
The following diagram illustrates the distribution of the Issuer Group's business activities within the Nordic 
region as of and for the 12 months period ended 31 December 2021: 
 
Norway 
Sweden 
Denmark 
Finland 
SCB Group overview 
(NOK million) 
(NOK million) 
(NOK million) 
(NOK million) 
Profit Before Tax  .................................................  
963 
594 
1,152 
650 
Consumer Loans  ..................................................  
6,236 
15,129 
6,009 
4,587 
Auto Loans ...........................................................  
53,041 
32,412 
27,477 
30,699 
Source: Santander Nordic Group audited consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 
2021 (All figures in NOK) 
Total Loans of the Issuer 
The volume of total gross loans to customers for the year ended 31 December 2021 was NOK 175,588 million, 
representing a decrease of 3.1 per cent. compared to the same period for 2020. 
The following table summarises loan balance as at 31 December 2021 by product line compared with the same 
period in the previous year: 
 
2021 
Percentage of 
total activity 
2020 
Variation 
2021/2020 
 
(NOK million) 
(percentage) 
(NOK million) 
(percentage) 
Total Gross Loans to Customers 
 
 
 
 
Auto ......................................................................  
143,628 
81.8 % 
144,913 
-0.9 % 
Unsecured .............................................................  
26,686 
15.2 % 
30,299 
-11.9 % 
Credit Card ...........................................................  
5,274 
3.0 % 
6,055 
-12.9 % 
Total outstanding balance ..................................  
175,588 
100% 
181,267 
-3.1 % 
 
The automotive business of the Issuer Group comprises all of the business related to the financing of vehicles. 
As at 31 December 2021, the automotive business accounted for NOK 143,628 million representing 81.8 per 
cent. of the total outstanding balance and a decrease of 0.9 per cent. over the same period in 2020. 
The Issuer Group's unsecured business consists of unsecured personal loans made to customers. As at 31 
December 2021, the unsecured business accounted for NOK 26,686 million representing 15.2 per cent. of the 
total outstanding balance and a decrease of 11.9 per cent. over the same period in 2020. The Issuer's credit 
card business accounted for NOK 5,274 million as at 31 December 2021, representing 3.0 per cent. of the total 
outstanding balance and a decrease of 12.9 per cent. compared to the same period in 2020. 
Main markets in which the Issuer competes 
In 2021, the Issuer carried out its consumer financing business in the Kingdom of Norway, Sweden, Finland 
and Denmark.

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
The Kingdom of Norway 
In the Kingdom of Norway, the Issuer offers auto loans, consumer loans, credit card financing and deposits. 
In the Kingdom of Norway, the Issuer generated NOK 963 million in profit before tax for the year ended 31 
December 2021, with total gross loans to customers of NOK 59.3 billion at the end of the same period. 
Sweden 
In Sweden, the Issuer offers auto loans, consumer loans, credit cards and deposits. 
In Sweden, the Issuer generated NOK 594 million in profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
with total gross loans to customers of NOK 47.5 billion at the end of the same period. 
Denmark 
In Denmark, the Issuer offers auto loans, consumer loans, credit cards and deposits. 
In Denmark, the Issuer generated NOK 1,152 million in profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 
2021, with total gross loans to customers of NOK 33.5 billion at the end of the same period. 
Finland 
In Finland, the Issuer offers auto loans, consumer loans and sales finance. 
In Finland, the Issuer generated NOK 650 million in profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 2021 
with total gross loans to customers of NOK 35.3 billion at the end of the same period. 
Organisational Structure 
The diagram below summarises the organisational structure of the Issuer Group as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banco Santander S.A. 
Fitch/Moody’s/S&P 
A- / A2 / A+ 
Santander Consumer  
Finance S.A. 
Fitch/Moody’s/S&P 
A- / A2 / A 
Santander Consumer  
Bank AS 
Fitch/Moody’s 
A- / A3 
100 % ownership 
Santander 
Consumer  
Bank Sweden  
(Branch) 
Santander 
Consumer 
Finance Finland  
(Subsidiary) 
Santander 
Consumer  
Bank Denmark  
(Branch) 
Regulated by the 
Norwegian FSA 
100 % ownership

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Funding 
The main funding pillars of the Issuer are the issuance of asset backed securities, senior unsecured bonds, 
deposits and parent company funding. The Issuer has during the last years, taken significant steps to diversify 
its funding sources, and has further developed its deposits, senior unsecured funding and commercial paper 
capabilities.  
The Issuer Group successfully completed seven auto loan securitisation transactions in Norway before the 
previous Norwegian securitisation legislation was abolished in 2016. On 23 April 2021 it was announced that 
EU Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament and that the provisions of the EU 
regulation shall be included in a new Section III in Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. 
The amendments to Norwegian Financial Institutions Act are not yet in force, and will come into force when 
decided by the Norwegian Government. Additionally, the regulations to be issued by the Government in 
connection with the amendments to the act are not yet available. Furthermore, three securitisation transactions 
have been completed by the Issuer's Swedish branch and eleven securitisation transactions by the Issuer's 
Finnish subsidiary. The Issuer's Danish branch has also completed one securitisation transaction. 
The Issuer Group is well established in the Norwegian, Swedish, Danish kroner and euro senior unsecured 
bond markets. Since 2013, customer deposits have been a focus area of the Issuer Group and have over the 
last years become an important funding source for the bank. 
The funding initiatives outlined above are part of the Issuer Group's strategy of accessing alternative funding 
sources in order to secure long term funding at attractive levels and become less dependent on funding from 
the Parent Company and companies within the Santander Group.  
Management of the Issuer 
Pursuant to the Issuer's articles of association, the board of directors of the Issuer shall be comprised of no less 
than three and no more than eight members appointed by the Issuer's general meeting of shareholders 
(generalforsamling) for a term of two years and re-elected as applicable for a further term of two years. 
Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act, there is a legal requirement for a bank, such as the Issuer, to ensure 
a diversified composition of its board of directors. Furthermore, the chair of the board of directors as well as 
at least 2/3 of the board members must be independent of the Issuer or any company in the group of which the 
Issuer forms part. The FSAN's supervision of the Issuer, including changes to the members of the board of 
directors, minimises the possibility of any abuse of control by its sole shareholder. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Issuer is comprised of eight members, one 
employee representative deputy director, and one employee representative observer, as set out in the table 
below: 
Board of Directors of Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Appointment 
date 
Other principal 
positions held 
outside of the 
Issuer 
Chair of the Board 
Jørn Borchgrevink 
February 2022 
-  
Deputy Chair of the Board 
Federico Ysart 
March 2021 
- 
Member of the Board 
Anne Kvam 
March 2021 
-  
 
 
 
 
Member of the Board 
Pedro De Elejabeitia 
April 2021 
- 
 
Member of the Board 
Ramon Billordo 
March 2021 
- 
Member of the Board 
(employee representative) 
Tone Bergsaker Strømsnes 
March 2021 
-

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Board of Directors of Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Appointment 
date 
Other principal 
positions held 
outside of the 
Issuer 
Member of the Board 
(employee representative) 
Sara Norberg 
March 2021 
- 
 
 
 
 
Deputy member of the Board 
Beate Folmo 
March 2021 
- 
Deputy member of the Board 
Christa Skovgaard 
March 2021 
- 
Observer of the Board 
Arja Pynnönen 
March 2021 
- 
 
The address of the Issuer's management is Strandveien 18, PB 177, 1325 Lysaker. 
The Board of Directors has extensive powers to manage, administer and govern all matters related to the 
Issuer's business, subject only to any powers exercisable solely by the general meeting of shareholders 
(generalforsamling). 
The Board of Directors meets at least once every two months and may meet more frequently in certain 
circumstances. 
All directors are appointed by the Issuer's general meeting of shareholders - (generalforsamling). 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Audit Committee 
The Issuer has a separate audit committee, which meets at least every three months. The Audit Committee is 
a subcommittee of the Board of Directors and its members, including its chair, are elected by the Board of 
Directors from the existing members of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee consists of three 
members, all independent of the Issuer, and of whom at least one have accounting and audit qualifications.  
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in relation to its administrative and supervisory tasks in 
connection with the banks financial reporting and internal controls associated controls and liaison function 
with external auditor and monitoring of external auditors and the audit process. The members of the Audit 
Committee are set out below: 
Board audit Committee: 
• 
Jørn Borchgrevink (Chair) 
• 
Sara Norberg (Member) 
• 
Federico Ysart (Observer) 
Risk Committee 
The Issuer also has a separate board risk committee. The Board Risk Committee is a subcommittee of the 
Board of Directors and its members, including its chair, are elected by the Board of Directors and from the 
existing members of the Board of Directors. The Board Risk Committee consists of three members, all non-
executive in relation to the Issuer and two of them must also be independent, with knowledge, skills and 
expertise to understand and monitor the risk strategy and the risk appetite of the Issuer. The objective of the 
Risk Committee is to advise the Issuer's board of directors on the overall current and future risk appetite and 
strategy, and assist them in overseeing the implementation of the Issuer's risk strategy.

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
The members of the Risk Committee are set out below: 
Board Risk Committee: 
• 
Federico Ysart (Chair) 
• 
Anne Kvam (Member) 
• 
Jørn Borchgrevink (Member) 
Control functions and "three-line-of-defence approach 
To ensure a sound risk management approach and effective internal control, the Issuer is organised in the so-
called 'three-lines-of–defence' model. The model creates a clear and transparent division of roles and 
responsibilities to ensure sound internal control throughout the Issuer. The roles and responsibilities in the 
Issuer's three lines of defence model are organised as follows: 
 
1st line of defence 
2nd line of defence 
3rd line of defence 
Function 
Business 
Risk and Compliance 
Internal Audit 
Role 
Act as risk owner and 
ensure 
sound 
internal 
control 
through 
documented 
control 
activities. 
Risk: Ensure sound risk 
management and internal 
control in business on 
behalf of the CEO. 
Ensure internal control 
and 
regulatory 
compliance on behalf of 
the Board of Directors. 
 
 
Compliance: 
Ensure 
regulatory compliance in 
business on behalf of the 
CEO. 
 
Responsibilities 
• 
Manage business 
so that all risks 
are 
identified, 
managed 
and 
controlled 
• 
Ensure 
that 
internal control is 
developed 
and 
maintained 
in 
areas 
of 
responsibility 
(e.g. 
implement 
controls to detect 
non-compliance) 
• 
Take 
ownership 
and actions on 
deficiencies 
identified 
Risk: 
• 
Ensure risk level 
is in line with risk 
appetite 
• 
Monitor 
and 
control 
risk 
framework 
Compliance: 
• 
Ensure 
compliance with 
internal/external 
regulations 
• 
Monitor 
and 
control 
compliance 
risk 
framework 
• 
Audit 
and 
evaluate 
organisational 
and 
process 
effectiveness 
• 
Ensure business 
is in accordance 
with 
applicable 
internal 
and 
external 
regulations 
• 
Report deviations 
to the Board of 
Directors 
on 
regular basis 
 
 
Both: 
 
 
 
• 
Risk assessments 
 
 
 
• 
Risk 
reporting 
with deficiencies

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
1st line of defence 
2nd line of defence 
3rd line of defence 
and 
recommendations 
 
 
• 
Challenge 
the 
work 
and 
reporting in the 
first 
line 
of 
defence and the 
risk management 
work (setting risk 
appetite etc.) of 
the 
Senior 
Management 
Team, Executive 
Management 
Committees, 
Board 
Subcommittees 
and 
Board 
of 
Directors 
 
 
Capital structure 
At 31 December 2021, the Issuer's share capital consisted of NOK 965,241,842 fully subscribed and paid 
shares, each share with a par value of NOK 11. As at 31 December 2021, 100 per cent. of the Issuer's share 
capital is owned by the Parent Company. 
Conflicts of interest 
There exist no conflicts of interest between the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the 
Issuer and there exist no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of any members 
of such administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Corporate governance 
Pursuant to Section 1-1 of the Issuer's articles of association, the Issuer's corporate purpose is to engage in all 
business and services which are normal or customary for banks to carry out, including leasing, factoring, car 
financing and associated activities. 
The Issuer has adopted corporate governance policies that comply with Norwegian banking and financial 
institutions legislation. 
Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and 
losses 
The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 2021 and 2020, as well as the 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three month period ended 31 March 2021 are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 2021 and 2020 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, with its registered address at Dronning Eufemias gate 71, NO-0191 Oslo. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is a member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske 
Revisorforening). PricewaterhouseCoopers AS's organisation number is 987009713.

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Except for the Issuer's consolidated financial statements for the years ended 2021 and 2020, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS has not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any other information 
provided in this Base Prospectus.  
The date of the most recent audited financial information of the Issuer is 31 December 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is the current auditor of the Issuer.  
Litigation 
 
There are not any and have been no governmental, legal or arbitrational proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Issuer Group's 
financial position or profitability.  
 
Credit rating 
The Issuer is currently rated A3 outlook stable by Moody's and A- outlook stable by Fitch. 
Selected financial information relating to the Issuer 
The following tables set out in summary form balance sheet and income statement key information 
relating to the Issuer. Such information is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 (the "Issuer 2021 Financial Statements") and 31 
December 2020 (the "Issuer 2020 Financial Statements") respectively. The Issuer's financial statements 
referred to in this Base Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") and the accounting regulations issued 
by the FSAN. Such financial statements, together with (in the case of the Issuer 2021 Financial Statements 
and the Issuer 2020 Financial Statements) the reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, and in each case 
the accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial information 
presented below should be read in conjunction with such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto, 
as applicable. The figures below are consolidated figures for the Issuer and its Finnish subsidiary. The 
consolidated figures below include amounts that are only relevant on a group level. 
 
 
As at and for the year ending:  
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
Variation (%) 
 
(NOK million) 
 
Income Statements 
 
 
 
Profit before tax ........................................................................... 
3,359 
2,701 
24.4 %  
Profit after tax .............................................................................. 
2,566 
2,130 
20.5 %  
 
 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
Variation (%) 
 
(NOK million) 
 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
Total assets .................................................................................  
192,357 
198,892 
-3.3 % 
Net loans to customers ................................................................  
170,640 
176,263 
-3.2 % 
Total equity ...............................................................................  
29,855 
29,172 
2.3 % 
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries since 31 March 2022. 
Recent Developments 
 
Although the Issuer has limited exposure to the Russian Federation and Ukraine, the Issuer has performed a 
sector analysis and classification to identify and assess direct exposure on specific segments and countries 
following the outbreak of war in Ukraine. The Issuer closely monitors the evolution of the conflict through

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
regular specialized working groups for a prompt identification of any risk or event that could arise, together 
with a business continuity plan in case of larger disruptions. In addition, the Issuer is continuously working 
to ensure that it fully complies with all EU sanctions, through a daily screening of new and existing customers 
against applicable sanctions lists, and against received lists from the Parent Company. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no hits have been identified by the Issuer.

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
Overview 
The most relevant Norwegian legislation applicable to Norwegian commercial banks incorporated as 
a private limited liability company ( such as the Issuer) in relation to prudential requirements and 
supervision is: 
• 
the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 no. 44; 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act of 10 April 2015 no. 17 (as amended) (the "Financial 
Institutions Act") and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Institutions and 
Financial Groups (as amended), containing prudential rules for banks and other financial 
institutions with respect to inter alia licensing and organisational requirements, conduct of 
business, capital requirements, as well as guarantee schemes and public administration of 
institutions that experience financial difficulties; 
• 
the Regulation on Capital Requirements and National Transposition of CRR/CRD IV of 22 August 
2014 No. 1097 (as amended) (the "Capital Requirements Regulation"); and 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Supervision Act of 7 December 1956 no. 1, which regulates supervision 
by the FSAN of, among other things, financial institutions such as banks. 
Supervisory and Other Regulatory Authorities 
Several governmental bodies are responsible for administering legislation governing financial institutions 
in the Kingdom of Norway. 
The Ministry of Finance 
The Ministry of Finance (or pursuant to delegation, the FSAN) grants all licenses to engage in banking 
activities. The Ministry of Finance also issues regulations pursuant to the powers given to it under the 
Financial Institutions Act on many important issues relating to financial institutions, including capital 
adequacy ratios. The Ministry of Finance may revoke any license to engage in banking activities for 
violations of applicable laws and regulations. 
Finanstilsynet (The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Kingdom of Norway, or FSAN) 
The FSAN is an independent governmental entity whose objective is to ensure that financial institutions 
and financial markets in the Kingdom of Norway function safely and efficiently. It acts as licencing 
authority, carries out supervision of, and establishes general rules, guidelines and regulations for 
participants in the financial services industry in the Kingdom of Norway. The Ministry of Finance oversees 
the activities of the FSAN and administrative decisions made by the FSAN may be appealed to the Ministry 
of Finance. 
Norges Bank (The Central Bank of Norway) 
Norges Bank's primary objective is to promote economic stability in the Kingdom of Norway. It has 
executive and advisory responsibilities in the area of monetary policy and is responsible for promoting 
robust and efficient payment systems and financial markets. Further, Norges Bank manages the Kingdom 
of Norway's foreign exchange reserves and the Government Pension Fund Global. Norges Bank's activities 
are regulated by the Norwegian Central Bank Act of 21 June 2019 no. 31, which authorises it to implement 
measures customarily or ordinarily taken by a central bank.  
Regulatory Framework in the Kingdom of Norway 
Overview 
The Kingdom of Norway is not a member of the EU, but as a member of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"), it has, through the EEA Agreement, implemented many of the EEA relevant EU directives and 
regulations relating to financial services in its national legislation. In order for an EU directive or regulation 
to be applicable in the Kingdom of Norway, it first has to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement to

--- Page 114 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
which the Kingdom of Norway is bound. Once the relevant piece of legislation has been incorporated into 
the EEA Agreement, it must be transposed into national law before taking effect in the Kingdom of Norway.  
Most of EU's new financial legislation is built around a common European supervisory structure whereby 
the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs) are given power to regulate market participants in member 
states directly. The ESAs' powers to regulate entities directly created constitutional issues in the Kingdom 
of Norway which in turn delayed implementation of this legislation into national law. Following lengthy 
negotiations between the EU and EFTA countries, a principal solution to this problem was reached in 
October 2014. In short, the solution entails that the EFTA Surveillance Agency (also called "ESA") will be 
empowered to regulate Norwegian financial institutions directly. However, EFTA's ESA will base its 
decisions on guidance from the EU ESAs, and the EU ESAs will be entitled to give recommendations 
directly to Norwegian financial institutions. On 13 June 2016, the Norwegian Parliament approved a 
proposal to include the relevant EU financial legislative acts into the EEA Agreement with the required 3/4 
majority vote. Following similar processes in other EFTA countries, the EEA Joint Committee gave its 
final approval on 30 September 2016. Following this date, a substantial part of EU's new financial 
legislation has been adopted into the EEA Agreement and implemented into Norwegian law; however, 
some legislative acts are still undergoing review by the EEA Joint Committee or remain subject to the 
Norwegian parliament's approval.   
Authorisations and supervision 
Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act, any institution whose business is to receive deposits or other 
repayable funds from the public and to grant credits or provide guarantees for its own account, must obtain 
a banking licence. The Issuer was licensed to operate as a commercial bank in the Kingdom of Norway 
on 1 January 2006.  
The Issuer is subject to the supervision of the FSAN. The FSAN is responsible for preparing and/or issuing 
regulations pertaining to Norwegian financial institutions, and supervises the operations of Norwegian 
financial institutions with regard to, among other things, capital requirements, accounting standards, risk 
management and compliance. The FSAN has a range of tools to facilitate its supervision, such as the right to 
carry out site visits, and to interview the employees of an institution under its supervision and inspect the 
books and records of such institution. In the event that the FSAN considers the operations of an institution to 
be unsound or that the institution is in breach of applicable laws or regulations within the FSAN's jurisdiction, 
it may impose administrative sanctions on that institution or, in more grave circumstances, revoke the 
institution's operating license. 
Regulation of Banking Activities 
The Financial Institutions Act contains rules on among other things the incorporation and authorisation of 
financial institutions, minimum capital requirements, organisational requirements, governing bodies, 
conduct of business, cross-border activities, and the resolution or liquidation of a financial institution. The 
Financial Institutions Act also regulates deposit-taking and the ability of financial institutions to fund 
themselves via different types of debt capital instruments, including secured loans and covered bonds. There 
is currently no regulation in place allowing for the securitisation of loan portfolios by Norwegian banks 
such as the Issuer. 
A commercial bank (such as the Issuer) may only engage in activities which are customary or natural for 
banks. Accordingly, a bank may not undertake, or act as a primary participant or primary co-owner in the 
operation of trading, industry, shipping, insurance or other commercial activities, unless such activity is 
customary or natural for banks. This does not prevent a bank from temporarily operating or participating in 
the operation of such business to the extent necessary for the bank to recover a claim. 
The articles of association of commercial banks (such as the Issuer) and any changes thereto must be 
approved by the FSAN unless exempted by regulation. The same applies to changes to the banks' regulatory 
capital. Issue of new Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital against contributions in cash may be completed without 
FSAN approval whereas resolutions to decrease or redeem such capital will only be valid following 
approval by the FSAN.

--- Page 115 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Capital Requirements 
Norwegian banks are subject to ongoing capital adequacy requirements, which implement EU Directives 
and Regulations based on the Basel III regime. In line with the recommendations of the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"), the regulatory approach in the Financial Institutions Act 
is divided into three pillars; 
• 
Pillar I – Minimum Capital Requirement: banks shall at all times satisfy capital adequacy 
requirements reflecting credit risk, operational risk and market risk. The current requirement is that 
own funds shall constitute at least 8 per cent of risk-weighted assets, plus applicable buffers. Own 
funds can be in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital. Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital 
and Tier 2 capital (as per CRD IV defined below). CET1 capital will typically consist of equity, 
while Tier 2 capital typically consists of subordinated loan capital. The capital requirements must 
be complied with at all times. Banks are obligated to document their compliance with these 
requirements by reporting to the FSAN on quarterly basis; 
• 
Pillar 2 - Assessment of overall capital needs and individual supervisory review: banks must have 
a process for assessing their overall capital adequacy in relation to their risk profile and strategy 
for maintaining their capital levels. The FSAN shall review and evaluate such internal capital 
adequacy assessments and strategies and may take supervisory action if it is not satisfied with the 
result of such an evaluation process; and 
• 
Pillar 3 - Disclosure of information: banks are required to disclose relevant information on their 
activities, risk profile and capital situation. 
Norwegian banks need to hold a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. common equity Tier 1 and a 
systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. common equity Tier 1. Systemic important financial institutions should 
hold an additional 2 per cent. buffer of common equity Tier 1. The Issuer is currently not considered as a 
systemic important financial institution in the Kingdom of Norway. In addition, there is a counter-cyclical 
buffer ranging between 0 and 2.5 per cent., which is currently set at 1.0 per cent (reduced from 2.5 per cent 
due to Covid-19 and to be increased to 1.5 per cent. with effect from 30 June 2022, and to 2.0 per cent with 
effect from 31 December 2022, and to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 2023).  
 
As at 31 December 2021, the minimum CET1 regulatory capital requirements of the Issuer Group were as 
follows: 
 
Capital / buffer requirement 
Percentage of Risk Weighted Assets 
Minimum core equity 
4.50 
Pillar 2 Requirement 
3.30 
Pillar 2 Guidance 
1.00 
Countercyclical Buffer (combined) 
0.29 
Conservation Buffer 
2.50 
Systemic Risk Buffer 
1.30 
Minimum Regulatory Capital ratio (CET1) 
12.89 
 
The Issuer Group's actual CET1 capital ratio was 18.89 per cent as of 31 December 2021 and 19.06 per 
cent as of the first quarter of 2022.  
The FSAN has not yet adopted ECB's decision to permit banks to operate temporarily below the level of 
capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance or the capital conservation buffer, or to meet Pillar 2 requirements 
with AT1 or Tier 2 capital, as set out in the ECB's press release on 12 March 2020. 
According to section 30 of the Capital Requirements Regulations, a systemic important financial institution 
is any financial institution which (a) total assets ("forvaltningskapital") constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the 
GDP for mainland Norway ("Fastlands-Norges BNP" – which means BNP excluding revenues from 
shipping- and petroleum activities); or (b) has a loan portfolio which constitutes at least 5 per cent. of the 
Norwegian loan market. The Ministry of Finance is also authorised to decide that other finance institutions 
than those encompassed by the terms set out above (in line with the criteria for assessment of O-SIIS by 
European Banking Authority) shall be regarded as a systemic important financial institution.

--- Page 116 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
The EU began implementing the Basel III capital reforms from 1 January 2014 through the enactment of 
the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) ("CRR") and the Capital 
Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU) ("CRD IV Directive", and together with CRR and any 
implementing measures of both CRR and CRD IV Directive, the "CRD IV package"). While the CRD IV 
Directive required national transposition, the CRR was directly applicable in all the EU member states. 
This regulation is complemented by several binding technical standards and guidelines issued by the 
European Banking Authority ("EBA"), directly applicable in all EU member states, without the need for 
national implementation measures. 
The CRD IV package inter alia includes the following: 
• 
an EU/EEA-wide harmonisation of the definition and availability of hybrid capital for banks; 
• 
a binding obligation on banks to have sound remuneration policies; 
• 
a requirement that extra capital must be held if supervisors are concerned about the adequacy of a 
bank's risk management: 
• 
increased capital requirements for complex resecuritisation transactions; 
• 
non-risk-sensitive measures complementing the Basel II capital requirements; and 
• 
a requirement for banks to build up extra capital buffers in economic upturns, which they can draw 
on in a downturn ("dynamic provisioning"). 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published, among others, proposals for European 
Directives amending CRD IV Directive and BRRD and European Regulations amending CRR and the 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 (as amended, the "SRM Regulation") (said proposals together, the 
"Proposals"). The Proposals covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, 
mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after 
junior ranking instruments but before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and 
Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU 
legislation as mentioned above. The Proposals also covered harmonised rules for national insolvency ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate the issuance by credit institutions of such "non-preferred" senior 
debt. The Proposals were finally adopted and have been published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 
2019 (the Proposals, as published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019, the "EU Banking Reform 
Legislation").  
The EU Banking Reform Legislation is incorporated into the EEA Agreement, and was implemented in 
Norwegian law 1 June 2022.  
Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
Pursuant to Chapter 19 of the Financial Institutions Act, all savings banks and commercial banks 
incorporated in the Kingdom of Norway are required to be members of the Norwegian Banks' Guarantee 
Fund. The Norwegian Banks' Guarantee Fund covers deposits up to NOK 2 million per depositor in a 
member bank. The guarantee is triggered if a member bank fails to repay deposits due to financial difficulties 
or is placed under public administration. The Norwegian Banks' Guarantee Fund may also grant support 
measures to member banks in order to ensure going concern. As an alternative to public administration, the 
Norwegian Bank's Guarantee Fund may grant financial support, for example a loan or guarantee to secure a 
loan, to a member bank. 
Payment and Capital Adequacy Problems in a Financial Institution 
Norwegian commercial banks (such as the Issuer) experiencing financial difficulties will be subject to the 
recovery and resolution regime set out in Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act, which implements 
Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD) as of 1 January 2019 and Directive 2019/879/EU (BRRD II) as of 1 June 
2022. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with tools to intervene in unsound or failing credit 
institutions or investment firms ("institutions") to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial 
and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial 
system.

--- Page 117 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
The Norwegian implementing legislation is in line with the BRRD and BRRD II, and grants authority to the 
FSAN to implement detailed requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution 
authority.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), 
which may limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation - which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - 
which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in 
tool), which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes 
will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors 
such as depositors. 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has the authority to decide that a Norwegian financial institution shall 
be subject to resolution measures where the conditions for such resolution are met. If the Ministry of Finance 
considers that resolution action would not be in the public interest, but the conditions for resolution are 
otherwise met, the Ministry of Finance shall place the institution under public administration pursuant to 
Chapter 20 sub-chapter VI of the Financial Institutions Act. Public administration entails an organised 
winding-up of the institution in question.

--- Page 118 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws 
of those countries. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in the Kingdom of Norway  
1. General Remarks 
Set out below is a general overview of certain Norwegian tax rules relevant for beneficial holders 
of Notes that are tax resident in the Kingdom of Norway ("Norwegian Noteholders"). 
Noteholders tax resident outside the Kingdom of Norway will not be liable to tax in the Kingdom 
of Norway on interests or capital gains from the Notes. If however the Notes form part of the assets 
of a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Norway of a holder of Notes that is not tax resident 
in the Kingdom of Norway, the Norwegian tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes 
are generally the same as those set out for Norwegian Noteholders below. The mere holding of 
Notes should not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of 
Norway. 
Special rules apply for Norwegian Noteholders that cease to be tax resident in the Kingdom of 
Norway or that for some reason are no longer considered liable to taxation in the Kingdom of 
Norway in relation to their Notes. Such Noteholders are encouraged to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
The overview below is based on the assumption that the Notes are classified as debentures 
(Mengdegjeldsbrev) for Norwegian tax purposes. 
2. Interest Payments On Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders are taxable in the Kingdom of Norway for interest payments received on 
the Notes as ordinary income. The Norwegian tax rate on ordinary income is 22 per cent, or 25 
per cent for financial institutions. The interest is normally subject to tax in the Kingdom of 
Norway in the year of accrual. 
For Norwegian Noteholders holding Notes issued at a discount (compared to the nominal value), 
the imputed interest will be taxed when the Note is realised. Correspondingly, the imputed interest 
will be deductible for the issuer at the time of maturity. 
3. Redemption And Realisation Of Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders are taxable in the Kingdom of Norway for capital gains on the 
redemption or realisation of Notes, and has a corresponding right to deduct losses that arise on 
such redemption or realisation. 
The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Notes have been owned and the number of 
Notes that have been redeemed or realised. Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of 
redemption/realisation, and losses can be deducted from ordinary income in the year of 
redemption/realisation. The Norwegian tax rate on ordinary income is 22 per cent, or 25 per 
cent for financial institutions. 
Gain or loss is calculated per Note, as the difference between the consideration received on the 
redemption or realisation of the Note and the cost price of the Note. Costs incurred in connection 
with the acquisition, redemption or realisation of Notes may be deducted in the calculation of the 
taxable gain/loss in the year of redemption/realisation.

--- Page 119 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
4. Withholding Tax 
A Norwegian debtor will be liable to withhold 15 per cent tax on gross interest payments to the 
extent the creditor is both (i) a related party to the issuer and (ii) tax resident in a low-tax 
jurisdiction. A "related party" is a company or other legal entity which controls, is controlled by, 
or is under common control with, the issuer. "Control" means the direct or indirect ownership of 
50 per cent or more of the issued share capital or voting rights of the interest paying entity. Further, 
a "low-tax jurisdiction" is a jurisdiction in which the effective taxation of the overall profit of the 
company is less than two thirds of the effective taxation such company would have been subject 
to if it had been resident in Norway. However, if the creditor is a related enterprise of the debtor 
and tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the withholding tax is not applicable if 
the creditor fulfils certain substance requirements (including that such related enterprise must be 
genuinely established and perform genuine economic activities). A recipient and beneficial owner 
of interest payments affected by the withholding tax may however be protected by a tax treaty, 
typically reducing the tax rate on interest payments. 
5. Net Wealth Tax 
Corporate entities are not subject to net wealth taxation in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Natural persons are subject to net wealth taxation in the Kingdom of Norway. The value of the 
Notes is included in the basis for the computation of net wealth tax imposed on individual 
Norwegian holders of the Notes. As of January 1, 2022, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 0.95% 
on net wealth exceeding NOK 1,700,000 and up to NOK 19,999,999, and a current rate of 1.1% 
on net wealth of NOK 20,000,000 and above.  
The value for assessment purposes for Notes listed on a Stock Exchange is the listed value as of 1 
January in the year of assessment. Unlisted Notes are generally valued at market value by the end 
of the income year. 
6. Transfer tax, VAT etc. 
There are no transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar charges currently imposed in the Kingdom of 
Norway on the acquisition, redemption or realisation of Notes. Further, there is no VAT on the 
transfer of Notes. 
7. Inheritance Tax 
The Kingdom of Norway does not impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. 
However, an heir or a recipient of gifts who has received Notes will acquire the donor's tax input 
value of the Notes based on principles of continuity. Thus, the heir/recipient will be liable to 
taxation for any increase in value in the donor's time of ownership. The gain will be taxable at the 
time of the heir's/recipient's realisation of the Notes.  
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.

--- Page 120 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Kingdom of Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as 
a result of the withholding.

--- Page 121 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank AG, DNB Bank ASA, 
Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., 
Nordea Bank Abp, Nykredit Bank A/S, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Société Générale, 
Swedbank AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and UniCredit Bank AG, and any new Dealer 
appointed from time to time (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time 
be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated 20 
July 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement 
will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at 
which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.   
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
i. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
ii. 
 a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 122 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree to the Issuer: 
a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
i. 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
ii. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
A. whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
B. who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
b) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
c) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2, as further described below; TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or neither if TEFRA is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S of 
the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the securities laws of the applicable state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Issue and Paying Agent or the Issuer by such 
Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such 
Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Issue and Paying 
Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 123 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has agreed that and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it has not directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to any Japanese Person except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan.  
The Kingdom of Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus have been filed with the FSAN, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or 
sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in the Kingdom of Norway or to residents 
of the Kingdom of Norway except:  
(a) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes 
for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor;  
(b) to "professional investors" as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 
of 29 June 2007 no. 876; 
(c) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in 
Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; and  
(d)   in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA) 
in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised and 
recognised by the FSAN as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 
unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of the Kingdom of Norway to 
non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and 
offered or sold outside of the Kingdom of Norway. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes will only be sold in the Kingdom of 
Norway to investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved 
with investing in the Notes. 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, 
nor will any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in the Kingdom of Spain, except in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and 
regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws (including the Prospectus Regulation).  
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the "CNMV") and therefore this Base

--- Page 124 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Prospectus is not intended for any offer of the Notes in the Kingdom of Spain that would require the 
registration of a prospectus with the CNMV.  
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in the Republic of France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in 
Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in the Republic of France to such qualified 
investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes.  
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation.  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; 
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 
25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Switzerland   
The Notes may only be offered or marketed in Switzerland to professional clients as defined in article 4 of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has been or will be made to admit the Notes 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing materials relating to the Notes 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in 
connection with the offering of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing materials relating to 
the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority or any review body, 
and none of the aforementioned documents and materials may be distributed or otherwise made available 
to persons in Switzerland that are not professional clients. 
Belgium 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority.  Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market 
instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) may not be distributed 
in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the Belgian law of 
11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of investment 
instruments to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 125 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute 
or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a 
"Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit 
économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS, and the Notes will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 126 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that the Notes will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the 
PRC, except as permitted by applicable laws of the PRC. The Base Prospectus or any information contained 
or incorporated by reference herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any securities in the PRC. The Base Prospectus, any information contained herein or the Notes have not 
been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or registered with any relevant governmental 
authorities in the PRC and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with 
any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. The Notes may only be invested in by the 
PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in the Notes of the type being offered or sold. 
Investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant governmental approvals, verifications, licences or 
registrations (if any) from all relevant PRC governmental authorities, including, but not limited to, the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the China Banking and 
Insurance Regulatory Commission, and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant 
PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas 
investment regulations.  
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Taiwan or to a Taiwan person/entity, except where such 
sale is made in accordance with the laws and regulations of Taiwan.  
Republic of Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the 
decrees, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, or offered or sold for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea except as otherwise permitted under the applicable Korean 
laws and regulations. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree to the best of its knowledge and belief that it has complied 
and will comply in all material aspects with all applicable securities laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or 
publishes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or a 
Drawdown Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus or any 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
after the date hereof in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to 
the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the subscription agreement applicable to a particular Tranche 
of Notes and/or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 25 
September 2012 and the update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer on 28 June 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and/or the Issuer Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
its subsidiaries since 31 March 2022 and, no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or 
its subsidiaries since 31 December 2021. 
Auditors 
4. The consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without 
qualification for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (with business address of Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 0191 Oslo, 
Norway), the Issuer Group's current independent auditors. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is a member 
of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening) and is registered with 
the FSAN under number 987009713.  
No other information other than the 2021 and 2020 consolidated financial statements relating to the 
Issuer in this Base Prospectus has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. 
The audited consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been filed with the Registrar of Company 
Accounts in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Documents on Display 
5. Electronic or physical copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents 
may be inspected during normal business hours at the office of the Issue and Paying Agent at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, at the registered office of 
the Issuer for the life of this Base Prospectus and at www.santanderconsumer.no for as long as Notes 
may be issued pursuant to: 
a) the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
b) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020; 
c) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the three month period 
ended 31 March 2022; 
d) the terms and conditions set out on pages 38 to 78 of the base prospectus dated 6 July 
2021 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
e) the terms and conditions set out on pages 37 to 76 of the base prospectus dated 8 July 
2020 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
f) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 51 to 89 of the base prospectus dated 27 June 
2019 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes";

--- Page 128 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
g) the terms and conditions set out on pages 44 to 70 of the base prospectus dated 4 July 
2018 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
h) the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 64 of the base prospectus dated 26 June 
2017 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
i) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 50 of the base prospectus dated 15 June 
2016 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
j) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 53 of the base prospectus dated 18 May 
2015 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
k) the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
l) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
m) the Programme Manual; and 
n) the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
Copies of documents b) and c) can be viewed at: https://www.santanderconsumer.no/om-oss/investor-
relations/financial-reports/ and copies of documents a) and d) through n) can be found at 
https://www.santanderconsumer.no/om-oss/investor-relations/unsecured-bonds/. 
Material Contracts 
6. During the past two years the Issuer has not been a party to any contracts that were not entered into in 
the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and which was material to the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Conditions for determining price 
7. Notes may be issued at any price and either on a fully or partly paid basis, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
8. The yield of each Tranche of fixed rate Notes will be calculated on an annual or semi-annual basis 
using the relevant Issue Price at the relevant Issue Date or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
Maturities 
9. Notes issued may have any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank consents. Where Notes have a maturity of less 
than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which 
do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Clearing of the Notes 
10. The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B- 1210 
Brussels, Belgium) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg). 
The appropriate common code, the International Securities Identification Number, CFI Code and/or

--- Page 129 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
FISN in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
Dealers' Interests 
11. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary 
fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or its respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have lending 
relationships with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 130 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Strandveien 18 
PB 177 
1325 Lysaker 
Norway 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC   
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
C/ Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Ed. La Magdalena, planta 1 
CP 28027 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC   
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK 1092 Copenhagen 
Denmark 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5,  
FI-00020 NORDEA,  
Helsinki  
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1560 Copenhagen V 
Denmark

--- Page 131 ---
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 2 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealers as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS 
Dokkveien 1 
0250 Oslo  
Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
To the Issuer 
as to Spanish law 
Internal Legal Department 
Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
To the Issuer 
as to Norwegian law 
Internal Legal Department 
Santander Consumer Bank AS 
Strandveien 18, 
P.O. box 177, 1325 
Lysaker 
Norway 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 71,  
0191 Oslo 
Norway