--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
13 May 2022 
This document constitutes the base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") of Santander Consumer Bank AG (the "Issuer") in respect of non-
equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2 (c) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017, as amended from time to time (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG, Mönchengladbach, Federal Republic of Germany 
(as issuer; incorporated as a joint stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany) 
 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
 
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
(the "Programme") 
 
 
Under this Programme, Santander Consumer Bank AG (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form under 
German law (the "Notes") or Pfandbriefe in bearer form under German law (the "Pfandbriefe" and, together with the Notes, 
the "Instruments") in an aggregate principal amount of up to Euro 5,000,000,000.  
 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
Commission 
de 
Surveillance 
du 
Secteur 
Financier  
(the "CSSF" or the "Competent Authority") which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 
16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement 
(UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law") 
 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Instruments that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Instruments. By approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the operation or the quality or solvency of the issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Law. 
 
The minimum specified denomination of the Instruments will be EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in another currency. 
 
Application has been made to CSSF for approval of this Base Prospectus to list Instruments issued under the Programme up 
to the expiry of 12 months after the date of approval hereof on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and in relation to Instruments 
issued under this Programme, application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for such Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Instruments issued under the Programme may also be traded on the Euro MTF which is being operated by the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange as an unregulated market. The Instruments may be admitted to trading and listed on such other or further 
stock exchange(s) or may not be listed and traded on any stock exchange, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as 
defined below).  
 
In order to be able to list certain Instruments on a regulated market of a Stock Exchange, the Issuer applied for a notification 
of the Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation into the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"). 
The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European 
Economic Area with a notification. 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange under "www.bourse.lu". 
 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
The validity of the Base Prospectus will expire on 13 May 2023. Any obligation to supplement a prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
 
Arranger 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation regarding the Issuer or the 
Instruments not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into 
in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the 
public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or by any of the Dealers. 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement thereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series of Instruments, should be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Instruments shall, in any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the 
Issuer since the date thereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or (iii) that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. Should however a material change occur in relation to the information 
contained in, or incorporated into, this Base Prospectus or an adverse change occur in the financial situation 
of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented, the Issuer will promptly procure that this Base Prospectus will be 
supplemented pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers (as defined under "Subscription and Sale") or any other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus (except for the Issuer) is responsible for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference therein, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by 
the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accept any responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. The Arranger has not independently 
verified such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information in this Base Prospectus. Each person receiving this Base 
Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Arranger, the Dealers or any person 
affiliated with the Arranger or the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such 
information or its investment decision. Each person contemplating making an investment in the Instruments 
must make its own investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and its own 
determination of the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment 
objectives and experience, and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such 
investment. 
 
Each potential investor in Instruments must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the 
Instruments and the impact the Instruments will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Instruments, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Instruments and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets;

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the Instruments are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale 
and redemption of the Instruments; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe or purchase any of the Instruments. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and of any Final Terms and the offering of the Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers represent that this document may 
be lawfully distributed, or that the Instruments may be lawfully offered, sold or purchased in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering, sale or 
purchase. Accordingly, the Instruments may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
document nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Instruments and on the distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Instruments, 
see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Instruments have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) and may include Instruments which are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Instruments may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Instruments are not 
intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
Regulation. 
 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the Instruments are 
appropriate and may outline further details in connection therewith. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Benchmarks register – Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR®, which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks 
Register").  
 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Instruments under the Programme, 
the Dealer(s) who acts as the stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on its/their behalf) (each a 
"Stabilisation Manager" and together, the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") may over-allot Instruments 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Instruments at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of Instruments is made and, if begun, may be cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
Instruments. 
 
Any stabilisation action or over allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)). 
 
In this Base Prospectus all references to "EUR", "€", "Euro" and "euro" are to the single currency which 
was introduced as of 1 January 1999 with the start of the third stage of the European Economic and

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
Monetary Union by which date the euro became the legal currency in (initially) eleven member states of the 
European Union.  
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
  
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference are not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") or German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) ("HGB") or 
any generally accepted accounting standards ("Alternative Performance Measures") and may therefore 
not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are 
intended to supplement investors' understanding of the Issuer's financial information by providing measures 
which investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Issuer's financial leverage and 
operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of ongoing business 
performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyse 
historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these Alternative Performance 
Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and are not a substitute for 
similar measures according to IFRS or HGB or any generally accepted accounting standards. 
 
Forward Looking Statements 
 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of 
future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's business 
and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other 
factors that affect it. 
 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer’s financial condition 
and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or 
implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The business of the Issuer is also 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or 
prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to 
read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "Part B: Risk Factors", "Part I: Description of the 
Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the 
Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. 
 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or the Dealers assume any obligation, except as 
required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements 
to actual events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Part A:       GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
1 
 
Part B: 
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................  
 
2 
I. Risks relating to the Issuer ...........................................................................................................  2 
II. Risks relating to the Instruments ................................................................................................  8 
 
Part C: 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ........................................................................  
 
15 
 
Part D: 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION .......................................................................................................  
 
 
16 
 
Part D.I.: 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN ............................................................................  
 
 
 
17 
 
Part D.II.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PFANDBRIEFE 
DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
PFANDBRIEFE ........................................................................................................  
 
 
 
56 
 
Part D.III.: FORM OF FINAL TERMS (ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) .........................  
 
78 
 
Part E: 
TAXATION WARNING ..........................................................................................  
 
99 
 
Part F: 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................  
 
100 
 
Part G: 
INFORMATION RELATING TO PFANDBRIEFE ............................................  
 
105 
 
Part H:        USE OF PROCEEDS ...............................................................................................  
 
108 
 
Part I           DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .........................................................................  
 
109 
 
Part J: 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................  
 
116 
General ............................................................................................................................................  116 
Issue Price of the Notes ...................................................................................................................  116 
Authorisation ...................................................................................................................................  116 
Listing and Trading .........................................................................................................................  116 
Negative Pledge ...............................................................................................................................  116 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer ................................................  116 
Stabilisation  ....................................................................................................................................  116 
Description of Rules regarding the Resolution of Holders..............................................................  117 
Ratings .............................................................................................................................................  118 
Documents available for Inspection ................................................................................................  118 
Documents incorporated by Reference ...........................................................................................  119

--- Page 7 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
Part A of the Base Prospectus 
General Description of the Programme 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes in bearer form under German law 
and Pfandbriefe in bearer form under German law in an aggregate principal amount of up to 
Euro 5,000,000,000.  
 
The Base Prospectus was approved by the CSSF under the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The minimum specified denomination of the Instruments will be EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in 
another currency. 
 
Application has been made to CSSF for approval of this Base Prospectus to list Instruments issued 
under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months after the date of approval hereof on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). 
 
Instruments issued under the Programme may also be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and traded on the Euro MTF which is being operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange as an unregulated market. The Instruments may be admitted to trading and listed on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or may not be listed and traded on any stock exchange, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below).  
 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under www.bourse.lu and on the website of the Issuer under 
https://www.santander.de/ueber-santander/investor-relations/refinanzierung/.

--- Page 8 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Part B of the Base Prospectus 
Risk Factors 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The purchase of Instruments may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for investors with the 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to evaluate the risks and the merits 
of an investment in the Instruments. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of 
Instruments should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus including any supplements thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms relating to the Instruments.  
 
The assessment of risks associated with a particular Series of Instruments may be different depending on 
various factors. In particular, the assessment of risk on a case-by-case basis may be different for investors.  
 
Prospective purchasers of the Instruments should recognise that the Instruments may decline in 
value and should be prepared to sustain a total loss of their investment in the Instruments.  
 
 
I. 
Risks relating to the Issuer  
 
The financial services offered by the Issuer, in connection with its retail banking business, the financing of 
small and medium enterprises, the financing of vehicles, including the financing of dealer stocks and of 
durable goods, and its mortgage business, involve several material risks, which are ranked according to 
their materiality. Risks relating to the Issuer are presented in the following four categories depending on 
their nature: 
1. 
Financial Risks 
2. 
Non-financial Risks 
3. 
Regulatory Risks 
1. Financial Risks  
Default Risk 
 
Default risk is defined as the risk of potential losses caused by default of a private or commercial customer 
and can also occur due to developments outside the control of the Issuer, such as macroeconomic 
developments. The impact of the coronavirus pandemic was such a macroeconomic event in 2020, which 
continued to affect the business environment in 2021. With the onset of the pandemic, the macroeconomic 
outlook deteriorated, necessitating a review of risk provisioning for default risk. In line with the principles 
of IFRS 9 regarding a forward-looking component and consistent with guidance from Banco Santander 
across Santander Group, a post-model adjustment of EUR 18.5 million was recognized in the 2020 
financial accounts of the Issuer to reflect the deterioration in the macroeconomic environment. This 
adjustment was fully released in 2021. 
 
Default can occur for both on-balance sheet positions (e.g. instalment loans, drawn credit lines) or off-
balance sheet positions (e.g. guarantees or other committed credit lines). In case of the default of a private 
or commercial customer of the Issuer, the financial and profit situation of the Issuer could be influenced 
negatively. The loss amount depends on factors like collateral realization, recovery costs or customer 
payments after default.  
 
If losses occur, such losses could be compounded as a result of credit risk concentration (due to an unequal 
distribution of business partners in credit and other business relationships and from counterparties such as 
banks and financial institutions or as a result of business becoming focused on certain sectors or 
geographical regions) and compromise the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the 
Issuer, which in turn could have a material negative effect on the rights of the investors (including the risk

--- Page 9 ---
- 3 - 
 
of total loss of interest and capital invested by the investors). 
 
Strategic and business risks 
 
The Issuer is exposed to strategic and business risks, including business model risk and cost risk. 
 
The business model risk is associated with the business model of the Issuer. It includes, among others, the 
risk of being out of phase, becoming irrelevant and/or losing value to continue producing the desired 
results, due to both external and internal factors (e.g. external factors: macroeconomic, regulatory, social 
and political aspects, changes to the banking industry due to technological innovation, changing customer 
preferences, changes of suppliers, new competitors or competitors with new strategies; internal factors: 
strength/stability of the income statement, the competitive position and the effect of competitors on the 
Issuer, the distribution model / channels, income structure, operational efficiency, adequacy of human 
resources and incentive plans, systems, including innovation, the adequacy of strategic and financial plans, 
financial forecasting capacity, efficient use of capital). The Issuer is closely monitoring the current 
disruptions to the global supply chains due to Covid-19, e.g. for semiconductors, as well as the 
macroeconomic situation, especially the impact on inflation and the gross domestic product, which is 
affected by the Russian-Ukrainian War. Any disruptions to the supply chain could have a material adverse 
effect on the number of new cars being manufactured. This could lead to a decline in demand for car 
financing. 
 
The Issuer’s business strategy could turn out to be unsuccessful or inadequate to meet the demands of 
competition and market developments. Furthermore, the measures taken by the Issuer to implement its 
strategy may fail to achieve the desired effects or lead to downsides and losses that outweigh the 
advantages achieved by them. The realization of these risks may adversely affect the Issuer’s earnings, 
financial and asset situation and may ultimately lead to a loss in value of the Instruments. 
 
The cost risk describes the risk of not achieving the scheduled cost targets, in particular the forecasted cost 
income ratio. If cost risks materialize, this could adversely effect the earnings, financial position and results 
of operations of the Issuer. Cost risks may damage the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations 
in due time, which could considerably impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations arising from 
the Instruments towards the investors. 
 
Market Price Risk 
Market price risk refers to the potential loss resulting from disadvantageous changes in market prices or 
parameters that influence prices on the capital market. Due to the nature of its business activities, the 
Issuer‘s market price risk is mainly stemming from interest rate risks within the banking book. The Issuer 
monitors the development of interest rate risks on an ongoing basis. The sub-types of interest rate risks 
within the banking book are further detailed below. 
 
 
Gap risk: Gap risk arises as a result of time misalignments existing in relation to maturity 
(for fixed-rate-indexed instruments) or in relation to interest rate setting (for variable-rate-
indexed instruments) of assets and liabilities in combination with changes in the 
capitalisation and discount curves of instruments. The latter can cause a reduction in net 
interest margin or economic value. This risk can, in turn, unfold into two risk sub-factors: 
curve movements and changes in the slope or in the shape of the yield curves. As a 
consequence, this type of risk is determined through the structure of assets and liabilities 
in general and not a specific product or business line in particular.  
 
 
Option risk: Option risk arises from derivative positions or from optional elements 
embedded in a bank’s assets, liabilities and/or off-balance sheet items, where the bank or 
its customers can alter the level and timing of their cash flows. It is identified as a relevant 
type of risk in the risk inventory process of the Issuer. For the Issuer specifically option 
risks, mainly arise from customers’ prepayments in the Issuer’s retail and consumer 
lending segments.  
 
 
Basis risk: Basis risk describes the impact of relative changes in interest rates for 
financial instruments that have similar terms, but are priced using different interest rate

--- Page 10 ---
- 4 - 
 
indices. Basis risk is currently not considered as a relevant sub-component of IRRBB for 
the banking book of the Issuer. 
 
The aforementioned risks could have an impact on the net assets, financial position and results of 
operations of the Issuer, which in turn could have a material negative effect on the rights of the investors 
(including the risk of total loss of interest and capital invested by the investors). 
 
Pension Risk 
Pension risks comprise the risk of potential losses from changes in interest rates, inflation rates and/or other 
actuarial parameters, e.g. mortality rates, salary developments etc. The Issuer is setting up pension risk 
provisions for pension obligations, deferred compensation and anniversary bonuses. Lower interest rates 
may lead to higher pension risk provisions, thereby adversely affecting the Issuer’s earnings, financial asset 
situation and results of operations. 
 
Liquidity Risk 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risks, including the refinancing risk and the illiquidity risk. 
 
Risk of potential losses in profit that occur because of deteriorations in the money or financial markets are 
described as refinancing risk. The most important reason is a change in the credit rating of the Issuer. A 
downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings or even the possibility of a downgrade could have a detrimental 
impact on the Issuer’s relationship with its customers and on the sale of products and services and thereby 
adversely affect its liquidity situation, widen its credit spreads or otherwise increase its funding cost, or 
limit its access to capital markets. Such development could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and 
the Issuer’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
 
Illiquidity risk describes the risk that the Issuer is not able to meet payment obligations at all or in due time. 
The ongoing business activities of the Issuer depend on the ability to fulfil its payment obligations or the 
obligation to assume losses. If the Issuer becomes unable to meet its payment obligations in due time, 
which could considerably impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations arising from the 
Instruments. In case liquidity risks materialize, this could adversely have an effect on its earnings, financial 
position and results of operations. 
 
Illiquidity risk could be compounded by risk concentration arising due to non-diversification of funding 
sources and the structure of maturities. 
 
 
Sustainability Risk 
 
Sustainability risk is defined with regard to environmental, social and (corporate) governance (ESG) 
matters and understood as a risk driver affecting "traditional" risk types such as credit, market, liquidity, 
operational and further non-financial risks (e.g. reputational risks) due to physical impacts (e.g. effects due 
to climate change events), transitional (effects caused by disruptive changes in business and market 
conditions) as well as social and governance aspects (non-compliance with social standards and corporate 
governance related matters). Sustainability risk has been assessed as relevant risk within the annual risk 
identification and assessment process, with a focus on transitional aspects which are of major importance 
for strategic decisions. 
 
2. Non-financial Risks 
Operational risks are defined as the threat of losses that occur as a result of inadequate or failing internal 
processes (damage caused by inappropriate or failed internal procedures), human errors, fraudulent 
activities internally as well as externally, information and communication technology ("ICT") failures or 
inappropriateness or attacks onto the ICT infrastructure (cybercrime) or as a result of external events and 
includes also legal risks. If one or more of these risks occur, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the earnings, financial position and results of operations of the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
- 5 - 
 
ICT Risk including Cyber Risk 
Risk of loss due to breach of confidentiality, failure of integrity of systems and data, inappropriateness or 
unavailability of systems and data or inability to change IT within reasonable time and costs when the 
environment or business requirements change (i.e. agility). Impact can be caused intentionally (e.g. internal 
or external malicious acts) or unintentionally. Cyber crime is defined as criminal activities under the 
utilization of information and communication technology, e.g. DDoS-attacks, data theft, forgery of bank 
transfers (SWIFT), outage of internal systems, blackmail etc. ICT risks may damage the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its payment obligations in due time, which could considerably impair the ability of the Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations arising from the Instruments towards the investors. 
 
Fraud Risk 
Fraud risk describes the risk that occurs due to deliberate deception (e.g. identify fraud, transaction fraud) 
executed in order to secure unfair or unlawful gain. The Issuer is mainly affected by the fraudulent 
activities upon credit admission, transactions for revolving facilities or via online banking. Fraud risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the earnings, financial position and results of operations of the 
Issuer. 
 
Outsourcing Risk 
Outsourcing risk is defined as potential loss due to outsourcing of activities to other companies leading to a 
possible dependence on these companies, lack of transparency concerning such companies or inability to 
intervene in the event of poor internal processes or business difficulties of these companies. Outsourcing 
risks may damage the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in due time, which could 
considerably impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations arising from the Instruments towards the 
investors. 
 
Legal Risk 
Legal risk is the risk of potential losses based on changes in the law or its application in countries in which 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries operate. Such changes might affect financial services, securities products, 
outstanding contractual agreements or contracts and other transactions of the Issuer. This includes the risk 
of contractual agreements no longer being enforceable, in whole or in part, or transactions no longer being 
feasible, meaning that unfavourable regulations apply or the implementation and compliance with new laws 
and regulations may result in additional costs for the Issuer. 
 
Model Risk 
Model risk defines the risk that, by using inappropriate methods or parameters, the market reality or 
customer creditworthiness is not represented properly, thereby potentially underestimating the risks or 
losses. Potential for losses may occur as a consequence of decisions that are principally based on the output 
of internal models. 
 
A model may have fundamental errors and may produce inaccurate or inadequate outputs when viewed 
against the design objective and intended business uses. Errors can occur at any point from design through 
implementation. In addition, shortcuts, simplifications, or approximations used to manage complicated 
problems could compromise the integrity and reliability of outputs from those calculations. Finally, the 
quality of model outputs depends on the quality of input data and assumptions used, and errors in inputs or 
incorrect assumptions can lead to inaccurate outputs. In addition, incorrect or inappropriate use of a model 
could lead to a risk. Even a fundamentally sound model producing accurate outputs consistent with the 
design objective of the model may exhibit high model risk if it is misapplied or misused.  
 
Any materialisation of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operation.

--- Page 12 ---
- 6 - 
 
3. Regulatory Risks  
Capital Requirements  
 
The Issuer is subject to banking and financial services laws and government regulation as well as intense 
supervision by bank regulators and central banks in each of the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. 
Higher minimum capital requirements (in terms of quantity and quality) for credit institutions such as the 
Issuer result from European legislation such as Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, in particular by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRD V"), the related German implementation 
laws and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, in particular by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRR II"). In this context, 
the competent regulatory authorities have an extensive administrative surveillance authority over many 
aspects of the financial services business, including (but not limited to), inter alia, liquidity, capital 
adequacy and permitted investments, market behavior requirements, organizational requirements, anti-
money laundering, privacy, record keeping, as well as marketing and selling practices. The regulatory 
framework is subject to permanent developments and changes in legislation or administrative practice. Any 
of such changes or enforcement actions may result in an adverse effect on the Issuer’s long term 
profitability. Moreover, compliance with amended or newly-imposed rules may lead to an increase in 
administrative expenses, cost of compliance and reporting and consequently to higher cost ratios for the 
Issuer.  
 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR"), Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") and Leverage Ratio 
Additionally, regulatory requirements regarding liquidity (LCR and NSFR) as well as a leverage ratio that 
are of great importance to credit institutions such as the Issuer. Since 1 January 2018, the minimum LCR of 
100% needs to be met. Since its full implementation, the NSFR no longer imposes sole reporting 
obligations, but established minimum quotes calculated on the basis of the ratio of available funding 
resources across all maturities to the funding required. At the same time, the CRR II introduced changes to 
the leverage ratio so that, since June 2021 and in accordance with guidance from the European Commission 
and the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), banks such as the Issuer have to comply with a leverage 
ratio of at least 3 per cent.  
 
Minimum Requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
 
Together with the CRR II and the CRD V, Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 ("SRMR II") and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD II") have been 
published and have been implemented into German law. Since 28 December 2020, amendments to the 
previous rules for setting MREL and the scope of application of a statutory minimum requirement apply 
(based on the SRMR II and the changes to the Act on the Restructuring and Orderly Resolution of Credit 
Institutions, as amended from time to time (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz, "SAG") that have been 
made by the relevant German implementation law (the so-called risk reduction act – 
Risikoreduzierungsgesetz), implementing the provisions of the BRRD II). Although the Issuer with a 
balance sheet total of around EUR 55.6bn (as of 31 December 2021) does not automatically fall in the 
category of so-called top tier banks and, therefore, is not automatically subject to the group of banks for 
which a statutory minimum requirement applies, the resolution authority could determine that such 
statutory requirement is to be applied if it views the Issuer as being likely to pose a systemic risk in the 
event of failure. Further, the resolution authority continues to set an institution-specific MREL for the 
Issuer. Although the Issuer is not subject to the general requirement to meet its MREL with subordinated 
liabilities (i.e. such liabilities which are junior to certain other liabilities), the resolution authority can 
decide the amount up to which the institution-specific MREL needs to be met using subordinated capital. 
Compliance with these requirements may lead to an increase in administrative expenses, cost of compliance 
and reporting and consequently to higher cost ratios for the Issuer.

--- Page 13 ---
- 7 - 
 
Resolution Regime and bail-in rules 
 
The SAG enables competent resolution authorities to apply under certain circumstances loss absorbency 
regimes to the Notes, even if such regimes are not contained in the Terms and Conditions or the Final 
Terms. The SAG stipulates that recovery and early intervention measure tools available to the competent 
resolution authorities include bail-in and write-down tools which apply to certain liabilities and under 
which creditors must contribute to ensure the ongoing viability of the institution. These tools empower the 
competent resolution authority upon the occurrence of a specified crisis event to decide by exercising due 
discretion to write off certain liabilities in part or entirely or to convert these liabilities into equity of the 
institution, group entities, the parent entity or a bridge bank (Brückeninstitut). These measures entail the 
risk that creditors such as the holders of Notes whose claims are affected (i) suffer a partial or complete 
write-down of the nominal amount of their outstanding claim or (ii) receive shares or other instruments of 
the core capital (hartes Kernkapital) in exchange for their claims.  
Banking Union  
 
The Issuer may be exposed to specific risks arising from the EU Banking Union. The European Banking 
Union established by the European institutions consists of three pillars, (i) the single supervisory 
mechanism ("SSM"), (ii) the single resolution mechanism ("SRM") and (iii) the initiative to further 
harmonise deposit guarantee schemes within the eurozone, aiming at having a uniform European depost 
insurance scheme in the long term ("EDIS").  
 
Under the SSM, the European Central Bank ("ECB"), supported by the participating national competent 
authorities ("NCAs", such as BaFin), is responsible for conducting banking supervision in the euro area. 
The Santander Group is a significant credit institution (which is subject to direct ECB supervision albeit 
acting with the day-to-day assistance of the NCAs) under the SSM. The Issuer (on its own as well as 
subsidiary) has been and, in the future, may be subject to stress testing exercises initiated and/or conducted 
by the German regulatory authorities Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht ("BaFin") and 
Deutsche Bundesbank (the "German Central Bank"), EBA and the ECB and/or any other competent 
authority. If the Issuer’s capital was to fall below the predefined threshold of a given stress test at the end of 
the stress test period and/or other weaknesses or deficiencies are identified in connection with a stress test 
exercise, remedial action may be required to be taken by the Issuer, including potentially a requirement to 
strengthen its own funds basis and/or other supervisory interventions. At the end of 2021, EBA announced 
that it will carry out its next EU-wide stress test exercise in 2023. Given that the Issuer will be included in 
future stress tests, this may result in a requirement to increase its own funds and/or other supervisory 
interventions if the Issuer's capital was to fall below the predefined threshold at the end of the stress test 
period and/or other deficiencies are identified in connection with a stress test exercise, including in 
connection with the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"). In connection with the SREP, 
the ECB is empowered to, inter alia, analyse the business model, reliability of internal control 
arrangements, risk governance of individual groups of significant credit institutions and to require those to 
comply with own funds and liquidity adequacy requirements which may exceed regular regulatory 
requirements or to take early correction measures to address potential problems. The key result of the 
application of the SREP is a common scoring which may result in specific additional individual capital and 
liquidity requirements for the supervised credit institutions subject to the SSM. As a result, each affected 
credit institution will receive and the Santander Group has already received a SREP decision by the ECB 
affecting, among other, individual capital requirements which may increase the capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer.  
The SRM established a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions that are subject to the 
SSM. As a result of a resolution measure under the SRM, creditors of the Issuer may, already prior to the 
occurrence of an insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, be exposed to the risk of losing part or all of the 
invested capital. 
The Issuer is subject to the German bank levy (Bankenabgabe) which was introduced at the beginning of 
2011. With implementation of Directive 2014/59/EU into German law, this bank levy implements the 
contributions from credit institutions and investment firms provided for in Directive 2014/59/EU. In 
connection with the SRM, the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") has been established. The SRF is funded by 
contributions from credit institutions and certain investment firms in participating Member States.

--- Page 14 ---
- 8 - 
 
These contributions shall be raised at least annually in order to reach a certain target funding. If the funds 
raised are insufficient to deal with the resolution of a credit institution or investment firm, further 
contributions can be raised from credit institutions and investment firms, including from the Issuer. The 
obligation to pay such contributions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
 
Additionally, on 24 November 2015, the European Commission proposed to create a uniform Euroarea 
wide deposit guarantee scheme for bank deposits ("EDIS"), which shall include the creation of the 
European Deposit Insurance Fund, to be financed through contributions from the banking industry. The 
EDIS is still subject to intense political discussions (e.g. with respect to the question whether a fully-
fledged deposit guarantee scheme or a hybrid model whereby national deposit guarantee schemes lend 
money to each other shall be implemented). Subject to the final agreement and implementation, the new 
legislation might expose the Issuer to additional, and possibly considerable, costs.  
 
II. 
Risks relating to the Instruments 
 
1. Risks related to the regulatory classification of the Instruments  
 
Subordination and hierarchy of claims (in particular risks relating to unsubordinated non-preferred Notes) 
 
Creditors are exposed to a risk of subordination. Pursuant to the insolvency related hierarchy of claims, 
certain types of Notes might incur losses or otherwise be affected before creditors of other "senior" 
liabilities would need to absorb losses or would otherwise be affected. Section 46f KWG sets out that 
certain unsecured and unsubordinated debt instruments of the Issuer rank below other senior liabilities of 
the Issuer under certain conditions, namely if (i) their contractual minimum term is at least one year and if 
(ii) their terms and conditions contain an explicit reference as to such lower ranking in insolvency 
(obligations constituted by such debt instruments hereinafter referred to as the "unsubordinated non-
preferred obligations"). Notes which constitute such unsubordinated non-preferred obligations are 
referred to herein as "unsubordinated non-preferred Notes". Creditors of the unsubordinated non-
preferred obligations are exposed to risks associated with their lower ranking, amongst others with the risk 
that the subordination negatively affects the market value of their Notes and/or a reduced liquidity for 
trading such Notes; and that in case of insolvency they may be satisfied only after claims which take 
priority by law have been satisfied, including (but not limited to) unsubordinated obligations and notes 
which are not non-preferred.  
 
Investors in the unsubordinated non-preferred Notes should be aware that their claims are exposed to an 
increased risk in connection with resolution measures and as a result - and therefore already in a crisis of 
the Issuer and not only in an insolvency scenario - may lose all of their investment, including the principal 
amount plus any accrued interest. 
 
Regulatory restrictions with regard to certain types of Notes 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe, of the unsubordinated Notes which are eligible for MREL, 
of the unsubordinated non-preferred Notes and of Notes where extraordinary termination rights of Holders 
are excluded by mandatory provisions of law do not provide for any right of early redemption of the 
Holders. Hence, Holders have no right to demand early redemption of the Pfandbriefe, the unsubordinated 
Notes which are eligible for MREL, the unsubordinated non-preferred Notes and the Notes where 
extraordinary termination rights of Holders are excluded by mandatory provisions of law during the term of 
the Pfandbriefe and such Notes. The realisation of any economic value in the Pfandbriefe or such Notes (or 
portion thereof) is only possible by way of their sale. 
 
Holders of unsubordinated Notes which are eligible for MREL and of unsubordinated non-preferred Notes 
are not entitled to set-off with or against claims arising from such unsubordinated Notes which are eligible 
for MREL and from unsubordinated non-preferred Notes. Claims arising from unsubordinated Notes which 
are eligible for MREL and from unsubordinated non-preferred Notes must not and will not be secured or 
guaranteed. To be eligible for the purposes of MREL, the relevant Notes have to fulfil certain conditions 
and are subject to certain restrictions such as, among others, the requirement of the prior permission of the 
competent resolution authority before an early redemption right can be exercised by the Issuer. In addition,

--- Page 15 ---
- 9 - 
 
additional amounts due to the withholding of taxes or duties pursuant to § 7 of the Terms and Conditions 
(tax gross-up) will only be payable in respect of interest payments with respect to such Notes. 
 
2. Risks related to Pfandbriefe 
Insolvency risk of the cover pool 
Following an insolvency of the Issuer, the relevant cover pool, the assets of which are exclusively available 
to satisfy the holders of Pfandbriefe of a particular Pfandbrief category and other equivalent creditors, may 
possibly not be sufficient to meet the obligations arising from the Pfandbriefe of a particular Pfandbrief 
category at all, in full or on time. This circumstance may exceptionally arise if the relevant cover pool is 
insolvent or over-indebted. This may be due to, for example, a default or prompt material decline in the 
value of the cover assets, which causes the value of the cover assets to fall below 60% of the originally 
assumed lending values and means that measures taken to protect the holders of Pfandbriefe are not 
effective. 
Issuer insolvency risk 
In the event of insolvency or over-indebtedness of the cover pool, the creditors of Pfandbriefe are 
additionally exposed to the insolvency risk of the Issuer to the extent of any default. This means that the 
Issuer's insolvency estate might not be sufficient to satisfy the claim in the amount of the default, so that 
there could be a total default in the amount of the defaulted claim. 
Risk of deferral of maturity of interest and principal repayments in the event of insolvency 
In the eent of the Issuer's insolvency, the administrator (Sachwalter) appointed to manage the cover pool 
may, pursuant to a new provision of the Pfandbrief Act, namely § 30 paras. 2a to 2c of the Pfandbrief Act, 
suspend the payment of interest for up to one month after its appointment and postpone the redemption of 
Pfandbriefe of the Pfandbrief bank with limited business activities managed by it for up to 12 months in 
order to avoid liquidity problems of the cover pool. This requires, among other things, that this is necessary 
to avoid insolvency and that taking into account the deferral of maturity, the liabilities under the 
Pfandbriefe can probably be satisfied. This may result in Holders of Pfandbriefe receiving interest and/or 
redemption amounts on the Pfandbriefe later than expected. 
3. Risks related to the nature of the Instruments 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Instruments depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack 
of or excess demand for the relevant type of Instrument. The Holders of Instruments are therefore exposed 
to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Instruments which materialize if the 
Holders sell the Instruments prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If Holders of Instruments decide to 
hold the Instruments until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Holders of Fixed Rate Instruments are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Instruments 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate 
Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Instruments, the 
current interest rate on the capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate 
changes, the price of Fixed Rate Instruments also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Instruments typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the 
price of Fixed Rate Instruments typically increases, until the yield of such Instruments is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Instruments hold such 
Instruments until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holders as the 
Instruments will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such 
Instruments. 
Holders of Floating Rate Instruments are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the

--- Page 16 ---
- 10 - 
 
profitability of Floating Rate Instruments in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the 
relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during 
the term of any Instruments. 
Holders of Zero Coupon Instruments are exposed to the risk that the price of the Instruments falls as a 
result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Instruments are more volatile than 
prices of Fixed Rate Instruments and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate 
changes than interest bearing Instruments with a similar maturity. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under this 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that 
Instruments may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of 
whether the Instruments are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a 
market for the Instruments or the ability of Holders to sell their Instruments or the price at which Holders 
may be able to sell their Instruments. If such a market were to develop, the Instruments could trade at prices 
that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing 
interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, including 
general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities 
analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Instruments may also be adversely affected by 
declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of 
the Instruments independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects. If Instruments are not 
listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Instruments may, however, be more difficult to obtain 
which may affect the liquidity of the Instruments adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be 
able to sell his Instruments at any time at fair market prices. 
Risks related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Instruments. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by 
the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any 
given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating 
agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies 
for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to 
the relevant Instruments by one or more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value and trading of 
such Instruments. 
 
4. Risks related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Instruments prior to maturity 
(optional call right). If the applicable Final Terms indicate that payments on Instruments are linked to a 
benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the Instruments in case of a discontinuation of 
such benchmark. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is 
required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in 
the Terms and Conditions (i.e., with respect to Notes eligible for the purposes of MREL, with respect to 
interest only) and in case of Notes previously qualifying as eligible for the purposes of MREL where such 
Notes cease, according to the determination of the Issuer, to qualify as such. Further, in case of 
unsubordinated Notes eligible for the purposes of MREL and in case of unsubordinated non-preferred 
Notes, the Issuer will have the right to redeem such Notes, if their tax treatment changes materially in any 
way, such change was not reasonably foreseeable at the date of the issue and such change is, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, materially disadvantageous to the Issuer. If the Issuer redeems the Instruments 
prior to maturity, the Holders of such Instruments are exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption 
his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his call right if

--- Page 17 ---
- 11 - 
 
the yield on comparable Instruments in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may 
only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other 
hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital 
market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any call 
right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the 
subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Instruments linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation").  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Instruments linked to a Benchmark, including 
in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or 
is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmarks Regulation), 
the administrator is recognised (Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Art. 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the 
case, Instruments linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Instruments, including Calculation Agent or Independent Expert determination of the 
rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives 
and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Instruments which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Instruments, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available 
rate of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Instruments, effectively turning the 
floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the 
basis of another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination of the 
relevant Instruments at the option of the Issuer. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Instruments linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amounts payable on, Floating Rate Instruments whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark.

--- Page 18 ---
- 12 - 
 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of a 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear 
whether the fallback provisions of the Instruments would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a 
risk that the Instruments would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the 
European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Instruments denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Instruments. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Instruments denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding 
change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in 
accordance with the terms of such Instruments. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the 
euro rises correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls.  
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected. 
Risks related to the to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of a 
series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be 
amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any 
such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, 
reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even 
be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the 
occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the 
amendment 
taking 
effect. 
According 
to 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based 
on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, 
any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") may be appointed by way of the terms and conditions of an issue.  
No initial Holders' Representative might be appointed by the Terms and Conditions. Any appointment of a 
Holders' Representative post issuance of Notes will, therefore, require a majority resolution of the Holders 
of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this will make it more difficult for 
Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that 
Holders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and 
Conditions against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote who 
is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
No gross-up of Pfandbriefe, of certain Notes without periodic interest payments and of Zero Coupon Notes 
 
All payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be made subject to any tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. Holders will 
not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for any such tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment. Hence, any such deduction will decrease the return on the Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 19 ---
- 13 - 
 
Further, with respect to unsubordinated Notes which are eligible for MREL and unsubordinated, non-
preferred Notes, the Issuer shall only pay additional amounts with respect to payments of interest (and not 
principal). Consequently, all payments made by the Issuer in respect of such Notes to the extent these 
Notes do not have periodic interest payments or are Zero Coupon Notes, will be made subject to any tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. Holders 
will not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for any such tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment. Hence, any such deduction will decrease the return on such Notes.  
 
5. Instruments issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as ESG Bonds 
 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of those Instruments for projects that promote climate-
friendly and other environmental, sustainable and/or social purposes ("Eligible Projects"). The Issuer 
intends to establish a framework for such issuances which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such 
Eligible Projects (the "Framework") based on the recommendations included in the voluntary process 
guidelines for issuing green bonds (the "ESG Bonds") published by the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021"). The Framework, once published, can 
be accessed on the website of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Framework nor the content 
of the website are incorporated by reference into or form part of the Base Prospectus. 
A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" below 
and in the relevant Final Terms and determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of an investment in such Instruments together with any other investigation it deems necessary. 
Compliance with voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar aspects, features or labels, including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU 
Taxonomy"). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance published its final 
report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU 
taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and financial institutions can 
use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard for green bonds 
proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond 
Standard"). On 6 July 2021 the European Commission has proposed a regulation on a voluntary European 
Green Bond Standard. The standard will use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU 
Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. The ESG Bonds issued under this Programme 
may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" 
or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any ESG Bonds become eligible for 
such designation. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or 
uses. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Instruments 
issued as ESG Bonds for Eligible Projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), there will be no 
contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available 
or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to 
use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible 
Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or 
otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. A failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any 
Instruments issued as ESG Bonds or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or a 
failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of 
ESG Bonds or the failure of the Instruments issued as ESG Bonds to meet investors’ expectations 
requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will not constitute an event of 
default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as ESG Bonds, nor will it give rise to

--- Page 20 ---
- 14 - 
 
any redemption option of Holders of such ESG Bonds or oblige the Issuer to redeem such ESG Bonds or 
constitute an incentive to redeem the Instruments or, where relevant, compromise the ability of such ESG 
Bonds to qualify as MREL eligible liabilities. 
Application of proceeds of such ESG Bonds for a portfolio of Eligible Projects will not result in any 
security, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the holders of any such 
ESG Bond, nor will the performance of such projects or assets give rise to any specific claims under the 
ESG Bonds or attribution of losses in respect of the ESG Bonds. 
A failure of the Instruments issued as ESG Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for 
Eligible Projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the 
Instruments ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Instruments and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences may include the 
need to sell the Instruments as a result of the Instruments not falling within the investor’s investment 
criteria or mandate). 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional 
adviser regarding its purchase of ESG Bonds issued under the Programme before deciding to invest. 
Second Party Opinion 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Instruments issued as ESG Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
Listing of Instruments on dedicated stock exchange segments 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any 
listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments. 
 
Instruments issued as unsubordinated non-preferred Notes or as unsubordinated Notes eligible for MREL 
Instruments being issued in the form of unsubordinated non-preferred Notes or as unsubordinated Notes 
eligible for MREL are subject to certain restrictions such as that holders are not entitled to set off claims 
arising from such Notes against any of the Issuer's claims. Such Notes are also intended to absorb losses 
and may therefore be subject to the exercise of mandatory write-down or conversion powers and/or the 
application of resolution measures such as the bail-in tool. The fact that such Notes are designated as green 
bonds or social bonds does not lead to the easing of any regulatory restrictions with respect to the relevant 
Notes, does not provide the relevant holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor are the risks 
related to their level of subordination affected. Payments of principal and interest on such Notes on will not 
depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Project.

--- Page 21 ---
- 15 - 
 
Part C of the Base Prospectus 
Responsibility Statement 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG with its registered address at Santander-Platz 1, 41061 Mönchengladbach, 
Germany, is solely responsible for the information given in this Base Prospectus, including any documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, which may also be drafted in a language other than 
English. The Issuer declares that having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including any documents incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus which may also be drafted in a language other than English, for which it is responsible, is, 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no ommission likely to affect its 
import.

--- Page 22 ---
- 16 - 
 
 Part D of the Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
and Related Information 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
AND 
RELATED INFORMATION 
 
The information contained in this part "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments and Related Information" 
includes the following parts relating to the terms and conditions of the Instruments: 
 
D.I. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
D.II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
 
D.III. 
Form of Final Terms (Endgültige Bedingungen)

--- Page 23 ---
- 17 - 
 
Part D.I. of the Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
 
 
 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
 
 
 
 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wird 
gemäß einem Agency Agreement, das am oder um 
den 
13. 
Mai 
2022 
datiert 
(das 
"Agency 
Agreement") 
und 
zwischen 
der 
Santander 
Consumer Bank AG (die "Emittentin") und The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch als 
Emissionsstelle (die "Emissionsstelle", wobei 
dieser Begriff die nach dem Agency Agreement 
etwa nachfolgenden Emissionsstellen einschließt) 
und den anderen darin genannten Parteien 
abgeschlossen 
wurde, begeben. Kopien des 
Agency Agreement können kostenlos bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
und bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen einer 
jeden Zahlstelle sowie am Sitz der Emittentin 
bezogen werden. 
 
This Series of Notes is issued pursuant to an agency 
agreement dated on or around 13 May 2022 
(the "Agency 
Agreement") 
and 
entered 
into 
between Santander Consumer Bank AG (the 
"Issuer") and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor fiscal 
agent thereunder) and the other parties named 
therein. Copies of the Agency Agreement may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer. 
 
 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die beigefügten Endgültigen Bedingungen 
vervollständigt werden. 
 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed, in whole or in part, by 
the terms of the Final Terms attached hereto. 
 
 
 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, so als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen 
durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. 
 
The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable shall be deemed to 
be completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms as if such information were inserted in 
the blanks of such provisions. 
 
 
 
Alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen als "Entfällt" markiert 
sind, gelten als in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen. 
 
Alternative or optional provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are marked as "Not 
applicable" shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in 
eckigen 
Klammern) 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung erhalten. 
 
All provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are not applicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms.

--- Page 24 ---
- 18 - 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Serie [Serien-
Nummer] 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
Santander 
Consumer Bank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in Stückelungen 
von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegten 
Stückelungen") begeben.] 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This Series [series 
number] of Notes (the "Notes") of Santander 
Consumer Bank AG (the "Issuer") is being 
issued in [specified currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in 
denominations of [Specified Denominations] 
(the "Specified Denominations").] 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber.  
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in den festgelegten 
Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
and the Permanent Global Note shall each be 
signed manually or in facsimile by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der "Austauschtag"), der frühestens 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
liegen 
darf, 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar. Ein solcher 
Austausch 
darf 
nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen. Jede Bescheinigung, die 
am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird 
als 
ein 
Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, 
sind 
nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) zu 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall 
only be made upon delivery of certifications to 
the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of 
the Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such 
financial institutions). 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 4 (3)).]

--- Page 25 ---
- 19 - 
 
liefern.] 
 
 
[(4)][([])] Clearing System. [Jede vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (falls diese nicht ausgetauscht 
wird) und/oder jede Dauerglobalurkunde] [Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde, die die Pfandbriefe verbrieft 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde")] wird solange von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearing System" bedeutet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearing System: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] [,] [und] 
oder jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
[(4)][([])] Clearing System. [Each Temporary 
Global Note (if it will not be exchanged) and/or 
Permanent Global Note] [The permanent global 
note 
representing 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
(the 
"Permanent Global Note")] will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [if 
more than one Clearing System: each of] the 
following: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [or any successor in respect 
of the functions perormed by [if more than one 
Clearing System: each of the Clearing Systems] 
[if one Clearing System: the Clearing System]. 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden:] 
 
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs:] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Sicherheitsverwahrstelle (common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: The 
Notes are issued in new global Note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
Classical Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und 
von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN: The 
Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[(5)][([●])] Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[(5)][([●])] Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: 
 
 
[(6)][([●])] 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch [die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetrage-
nen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch [die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen 
Zwecken 
von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
 
[(6)][([●])] Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes represented by [the 
Temporary Global Note and] the Permanent 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both 
ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount 
of such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes represented by [the 
Temporary Global Note and] the Permanent 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by a ICSD stating the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the

--- Page 26 ---
- 20 - 
 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers 
des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung eines Betrags oder 
einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch [die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
[die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich [der Vorläufigen Global-
urkunde und] der Dauerglobalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
[die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der 
Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen 
wird. 
 
On any redemption or payment of an amount or 
interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by 
[the Temporary Global Note and] the Permanent 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details 
of such redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
[the Temporary Global Note and] the Permanent 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by [the Temporary Global Note 
and] the Permanent Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the 
aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
 
Falls die Vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN: On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs.]] 
 
 
[(7)][([●])] In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet 
"Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System und 
(ii) [falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist: das 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 oder ein 
Nachfolgesystem (TARGET) geöffnet ist] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist: 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren] Zahlungen 
abwickeln.] 
 
[(7)][([●])] In these Conditions, "Business Day" 
means a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System, and (ii) [if the Specified 
Currency 
is 
Euro: 
the 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 or any successor system 
thereto (TARGET) is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [all relevant 
financial centres] settle payments.] 
 
 
§ 2  
STATUS  
 
§ 2 
STATUS  
 
 
[(A) 
Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen:  
[(A) In the case of unsubordinated Notes: 
 
 
 
(1) Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen 
und zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben.] 
 
(1) The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated present and future obligations of 
the 
Issuer 
unless 
otherwise 
provided 
by 
mandatory provisions of law.]

--- Page 27 ---
- 21 - 
 
[(B) 
Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten Schuldverschreibungen:  
 
[(B) In the case of unsubordinated non-
preferred Notes:  
 
 
 
(1) Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen 
und zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, mit folgender Ausnahme:  
 
(1) 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated non-preferred obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated present and future obligations of 
the Issuer, with the following exception: 
 
 
 
Als 
nicht 
nachrangige, 
nicht-bevorrechtigte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin sind Ansprüche 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nachrangig 
gegenüber anderen unbesicherten 
und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, 
sofern und soweit solche unbesicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im 
Insolvenzverfahren oder im Falle der Anwendung 
von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
eine 
gesetzlich 
bevorrechtigte Behandlung genießen. 
 
As unsubordinated non-preferred obligations of 
the Issuer, claims under the Notes rank 
subordinated 
to 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer if and to 
the extent such unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer enjoy preferred 
treatments by law in insolvency proceedings or in 
case of an imposition of resolution measures with 
regard to the Issuer. 
 
 
 
Bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen handelt 
es sich um nicht-bevorrechtigte Schuldtitel im 
Sinne 
von 
§ 
46f 
Absatz 
6 
Satz 
1 
Kreditwesengesetz, die im Insolvenzverfahren der 
Emittentin 
den 
durch 
§ 
46f 
Absatz 
5 
Kreditwesengesetz bestimmten niedrigeren Rang 
als andere nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin haben.]  
 
At issuance, the Notes constituted non-preferred 
debt instruments within the meaning of Section 
46f Subsection 6 Sentence 1 German Banking 
Act which in an insolvency proceeding of the 
Issuer have the ranking lower than other 
unseured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer as provided by Section 46f Subsection 5 
German Banking Act.] 
[Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
gegenüber 
Forderungen 
aus 
ausgenommenen 
Verbindlichkeiten im Sinne von Artikel 72a 
Absatz 2 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über die 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils geänderten, 
ergänzten oder ersetzten Fassung, insbesondere 
durch 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2019/876 
des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
20. Mai 2019 
(die 
"CRR")) 
vollständig 
nachrangig.] 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, claims under the 
Notes rank wholly subordinated to claims arising 
from excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a (2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, in particular by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(the "CRR")).] 
 
 
 
[Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
[In the case of unsubordinated Notes which 
are eligible for MREL and in the case of 
unsubordinated non-preferred Notes:  
 
 
 
(2) Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist es, 
Instrumente 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten im Sinne des Mindestbetrags an 
Eigenmitteln 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities – MREL) im Sinne 
von Artikel 45 der Richtlinie (EU) 2019/879 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates zur 
Änderung der Richtlinie 2014/59/EU in der jeweils 
gültigen und ersetzten Fassung ("BRRD II"), wie 
in 
Deutschland 
umgesetzt 
durch 
§49 
des 
Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgsetzes, in der 
 
(2) The Notes are intended to qualify as 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities for 
the purposes of the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") in 
accordance with Article 45 of Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended or replaced from time to time ("BRRD 
II") as implemented in Germany by Section 49 of 
the German Restructuring and Resolution Act 
(Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – SAG), as 
amended or replaced from time to time ("SAG"),

--- Page 28 ---
- 22 - 
 
jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung ("SAG"), 
und von Artikel 12 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
806/2014 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates in der jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten 
Fassung ("SRMR") darzustellen. 
and Article 12 of Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
as amended or replaced from time to time 
("SRMR"). 
 
 
 
(3) Die Aufrechnung mit und gegen Ansprüche aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen ist ausgeschlossen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen keinen 
Nettingvereinbarungen.  
 
(3) Offsetting with and against claims arising 
from the Notes is excluded. The Notes are not 
subject to any netting arrangements. 
 
 
 
(4) 
Für 
die 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen werden keine Sicherheiten 
oder Garantien gestellt; solche Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien werden auch zu keinem späteren 
Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. 
 
(4) For the claims resulting from the Notes no 
collaterals or guarantees are provided; such 
collaterals or guarantees will also not be made at 
any later time. 
 
 
 
(5) 
Nachträglich 
können 
weder 
der 
nicht 
nachrangige [bei nicht nachrangigen, nicht-
bevorrechtigten Schuldverschreibungen:, nicht-
bevorrechtigte] Rang geändert noch die Laufzeit 
und jede anwendbare Kündigungsfrist verkürzt 
werden.] Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen unter 
anderen [als den in §2 (1) beschriebenen 
Umständen oder] als Folge einer vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung gemäß §5 (2) [oder §5 (3)] oder §5 
(4) vor dem Fälligkeitstag zurückgezahlt werden 
oder von der Emittentin zurückgekauft werden, 
dann sind die zurückgezahlten oder gezahlten 
Beträge 
ungeachtet 
einer 
anderslautenden 
Vereinbarung 
an 
die 
Emittentin 
zurückzugewähren, es sei denn, die zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde hat der Rückzahlung oder 
dem Rückkauf zugestimmt. Jede Kündigung oder 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß §5 (2) [oder §5 (3)] 
oder §5 (4) oder in sonstiger Weise oder ein 
Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibungen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
unterliegt 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung 
der 
zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde.] 
 
(5) No subsequent agreement may limit the 
unsubordinated [in the case of unsubordinated 
non-preferred Notes: non-preferred] ranking or 
shorten the term of the Notes. If the Notes are 
redeemed before the Maturity Date otherwise 
than [in the circumstances described in §2 (1) or] 
as a result of an early redemption according to §5 
(2) [or §5 (3)] or §5 (4) or repurchased by the 
Issuer, then the amounts redeemed or paid must 
be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary unless the competent 
resolution authority has consented to such 
redemption or repurchase. Any call or early 
redemption of the Notes according to §5 (2) [or 
§5 (3)] or §5 (4) or in any other way or any 
repurchase of the Notes prior the Maturity Date is 
subject to the prior consent of the competent 
resolution authority. 
 
 
 
(6) Auch vor einer Insolvenz, Auflösung oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß den jeweils auf die 
Emittentin 
anwendbaren 
bankrechtlichen 
Abwicklungsgesetzen Gegenstand der Feststellung 
durch die zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde werden, 
dass der gesamte oder ein Teil des Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einschließlich 
aufgelaufener, aber noch nicht gezahlter Zinsen, 
abgeschrieben (einschließlich auf Null), reduziert, 
entwertet, in Aktien oder andere Eigentumstitel 
umgewandelt werden muss (unabhängig davon, ob 
zum Zeitpunkt des Point of non-viability und 
unabhängig von oder in Kombination mit einer 
Abwicklungshandlung) 
oder 
dass 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
geändert 
oder 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anderweitig 
verwendet 
werden müssen, um Verluste zu absorbieren oder 
Abwicklungsinstrumente 
oder 
-befugnisse 
wirksam werden zu lassen. Die Gläubiger haben 
 
(6) Even prior to any insolvency, dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer, under bank resolution 
laws applicable to the Issuer from time to time, 
the 
Notes 
may 
become 
subject 
to 
the 
determination by the competent resolution 
authority that all or part of the nominal amount of 
the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof, must be written down 
(including to zero), reduced, cancelled, converted 
into shares or other instruments of ownership 
(whether or not at the point of non-viability and 
independently of or in combination with a 
resolution action) or that these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes must be varied or that 
the Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses or give effect to resolution tools or powers. 
The Holders shall not have any claim against the 
Issuer 
for 
any 
negative 
consequences 
in 
connection with or arising out of any such 
measures.]

--- Page 29 ---
- 23 - 
 
keinen Anspruch gegen die Emittentin wegen 
etwaiger negativer Folgen im Zusammenhang mit 
oder aus solchen Maßnahmen.] 
 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
[(A) 
Bei 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
[(A) In the case of Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrages verzinst, [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Stufenzins-
schuldverschreibungen sind: und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 
(1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
jährlich 
[Zinssatz] 
%.][Im 
Fall 
von 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen: und zwar in 
Bezug auf die unten angegebenen Perioden zu den 
unten angegebenen Zinssätzen: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount [in case of Notes other than 
Step-up or Step-down Notes: at the rate of 
[Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from (and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 
(1)). [in case of step-up or step-down Notes: at 
the rates and for the periods set out below: 
 
 
Perioden / dazugehörige Zinssätze] 
 
Periods / relating Interest Rates] 
 
 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinstermin(e)] 
eines 
jeden 
Jahres, 
vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß § 4 (5), 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag]) 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Anpassung 
gemäß  
§ 4 (5) [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht 
der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist: 
und 
beläuft 
sich 
auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
pro 
festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung]]. 
[Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin 
ist: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [den letzten 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
pro 
festgelegte Stückelung] je Schuldverschreibung 
im Nennbetrag von [festgelegte Stückelung]]. [Im 
Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA): Die Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein 
"Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr]]. 
 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"), subject to 
adjustment in accordance with § 4 (5). The first 
payment of interest shall, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with § 4 (5), be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date] [if First Interest 
Payment Date is not first anniversary of 
Interest Commencement Date: and will amount 
to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Note in a denomination of 
[Specified Denomination]]. [If the Maturity 
Date is not a Fixed Interest Date: Interest in 
respect of the period from [Fixed Interest Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the 
Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [Final 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Note in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination]]. [If Actual/Actual (ICMA): 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calender year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[number of regular interest payment dates per 
calender year]]. 
 
 
(2) 
Zinslauf. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Tag, der dem 
Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen nicht am 
Tag der Fälligkeit, sondern erst an dem Tag, der 
dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht. 
Der 
maßgebliche Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen*. 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the date preceding their due 
date for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the due date until 
the date preceding the date of actual redemption 
of the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will 
be the default rate of interest established by 
law*.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 
247 Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 
288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB). 
 
 
(3) Unterjährige Berechnung der Zinsen. Sofern 
Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert).] 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a 
period of less than a full year, such interest 
shall be calculated on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
 
 
[(B) 
Bei 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
[(B) In the case of Floating Rate Notes: 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe 
ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal 
amount 
from 
[Interest 
Commencement Date] (inclusive) (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to the first Interest 
Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from 
each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) to the 
next following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet, 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means, 
 
 
[(i) im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen: 
jeder [festlegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
[(i) in the case of Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
 
 
[(ii) im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden: 
(soweit 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der 
Tag, 
der 
[●] 
Monat[e] 
nach 
dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im 
Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
 
[(ii) in the case of Specified Interest Periods: 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in 
these Terms and Conditions) falls [●] month[s] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 
(c) Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann 
 
(c) If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then 
 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention: hat der Gläubiger 
keinen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung 
vor 
dem 
nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall erfolgt die Zahlung am unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zahltag.] 
 
[if 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention: the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next Payment Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the payment shall be made 
on the immediately preceding Payment Business 
Day.] 
 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention: hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall (i) erfolgt die Zahlung am unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zahltag und (ii) ist der jeweils 
unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der 
jeweils letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [Zahl] 
Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume] nach dem 
 
[if FRN Convention: the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Payment Business Day and (ii) the 
respective immediately following subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Payment 
Business Day in the month which falls [[number]

--- Page 31 ---
- 25 - 
 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag 
liegt.] 
months] [other specified periods] after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-Konvention: hat der Gläubiger 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung 
am 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zahltag.] 
 
[if Preceeding Business Day Convention: the 
Holder shall be entitled to payment on the 
immediately preceeding Payment Business Day.] 
 
 
 
Falls eine Zinszahlung, wie oben beschrieben, 
[vorgezogen] [oder] [verschoben] wird, wird der 
Zinsbetrag 
[nicht] 
[falls 
Zinsen 
angepasst 
werden: entsprechend sowie der Zinszahlungstag] 
angepasst. 
 
If a payment of interest is [brought forward] [or] 
[postponed] as described above, the amount of 
interest shall [not] be adjusted accordingly [If an 
adjustment of interest applies: and the Interest 
Payment Date shall be adjusted]. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend 
nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
Referenzzinssatz, der entweder: 
 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will be 
the Reference Interest Rate, except as provided 
below, which is either: 
 
 
 
(a) der [●] Monats-EURIBOR®-Angebotssatz 
(wenn 
nur 
ein 
Angebotssatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
angezeigt ist), oder 
 
(a) the [●] months-EURIBOR® offered quotation 
(if there is only one quotation on the Screen Page 
(as defined below)); or 
 
 
 
(b) das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der 
Angebotssätze, 
 
(b) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations, 
 
 
 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, der bzw. die auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) angezeigt werden [im Fall einer Marge: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for that 
Interest Period which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) [in the case of Margin: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich.) 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] 
[zweiten] [dritten] [vierten] Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] 
[second] [third] [fourth] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge: Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % 
per annum.]  
 
[In the case of Margin: "Margin" means [●] per 
cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Reuters Seite [●]] 
[Bloomberg Seite [●]] oder jeden Nachfolger 
dieser Seite.  
 
"Screen Page" means [Reuters page [●]] 
[Bloomberg page [●]] or any successor of such 
page. 
 
 
 
Wenn auf der maßgeblichen Bildschirmseite fünf 
oder mehr Angebotssätze angezeigt werden, 
 
If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Screen Page, the highest (or, if

--- Page 32 ---
- 26 - 
 
werden der höchste (falls mehr als ein solcher 
Höchstsatz angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser Sätze) 
und der niedrigste (falls mehr als ein solcher 
Niedrigstsatz angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser 
Sätze) 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
für 
die 
Bestimmung des arithmetischen Mittels der 
Angebotssätze (das wie vorstehend beschrieben 
auf- oder abgerundet wird) außer Acht gelassen; 
diese Regel gilt entsprechend für diesen gesamten 
Absatz (2). 
there is more than one such highest rate, only one 
of such rates) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest rate, only one of such rates) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations and this rule shall apply throughout 
this paragraph (2). 
 
 
 
(c) Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht 
zur Verfügung stehen, oder wird im Fall von (a) 
kein Angebotssatz, oder werden im Fall von (b) 
weniger als drei Angebotssätze angezeigt (dort 
jeweils zur genannten Zeit), ist der Zinssatz der 
Angebotssatz bzw. das arithmetische Mittel der 
Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite am letzten 
Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser 
Angebotssatz bzw. das arithmetische Mittel der 
Angebotssätze angezeigt wurde.  
 
(c) If the Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of (a) above, no such quotation appears or, 
in the case of (b) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such 
time, the Interest Rate shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations, as the case may be, on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotation or 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, as 
the case may be, was offered.  
 
 
 
Wenn 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Information 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ 
oder 
kein 
branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
vergleichbare 
Instrumente mehr ist oder dies an einem 
bestimmten künftigen Zeitpunkt nicht mehr sein 
wird, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes 
eine Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht, 
dass eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Berechnung des Referenzzinssatzes eingetreten ist 
oder 
innerhalb 
eines 
bestimmten 
Zeitraums 
eintreten 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
(falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum verstrichen ist, (iii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
mit 
der 
geordneten 
Abwicklung des Referenzzinssatzes beginnt oder 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
endgültig 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
einstellt, 
sofern 
es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder 
Information keinen Nacholgeadministrator gibt, 
der den Referenzzinssatz weiter bereitstellen wird, 
(iv) der Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes 
zahlungsunfähig 
wird 
oder 
ein 
Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches 
Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch 
den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (v) die 
für den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes 
zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 
35 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(die 
"Benchmark-Verordnung") 
oder 
die 
Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt 
oder die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß Artikel 
 
If (i) a public statement or information by the 
competent authority of the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate has been published 
according to which the Reference Interest Rate 
has ceased to be or, as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative or an industry-
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as 
the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) the 
administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
publishes a statement or information that a 
material 
change 
in 
the 
methodology 
of 
calculating the Reference Interest Rate has 
occurred or will occur within a specified period, 
provided that (where applicable) such period of 
time has lapsed, (iii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
commences the orderly wind-down of the 
Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation 
and publication of the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the publication of such statement or 
information, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Reference 
Interest Rate, (iv) the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceedings (affecting the administrator) is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory authority, (v) the 
competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends 
the authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") or the recognition pursuant to 
Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or 
requires the cessation of the endorsement 
pursuant to Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, provided that, at the time of the

--- Page 33 ---
- 27 - 
 
33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-Verordnung verlangt, 
sofern es zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder der 
Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der Übernahme 
keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den 
Referenzzinssatz weiterhin bereitstellt, und der 
Administrator mit der geordneten Abwicklung des 
Referenzzinssatzes beginnt oder die Bereitstellung 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
oder 
bestimmter 
Laufzeiten, für die der Referenzzinssatz berechnet 
wird, endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
einstellt, 
oder 
(vi) 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es für die 
Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus einem 
anderen 
Grund 
rechtswidrig 
wird, 
den 
Referenzzinssatz zu verwenden ((i) bis (vi) jeweils 
ein 
"Einstellungsereignis"), 
soll 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
durch 
einen 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle wie folgt bestimmten Zinssatz 
ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz"): 
withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of 
endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that continues to provide the Reference Interest 
Rate and the administrator commences the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate 
or ceases to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
or certain maturities or certain currencies for 
which the Reference Interest Rate is calculated 
permanently or indefinitely; or (vi) the Reference 
Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it 
becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest 
Rate due to any other reason (each of the events 
in (i) through (vi) a "Discontinuation Event"), 
the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with 
a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows (the "Successor Reference Interest 
Rate"): 
 
 
 
I) 
Der 
Referenzzinssatz 
soll 
durch 
den 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, 
die 
zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- 
oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Zinssatz für 
den 
Referenzzinssatz 
für 
die 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes bekannt gegeben wird und der 
in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt 
werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-
Zinssatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
 
(I) The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with the reference rate, which is announced by 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, 
the competent central bank or a regulatory or 
supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Interest Rate for the term of the 
Reference Interest Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a 
successor rate cannot be determined)  
 
 
 
II) der Referenzzinssatz soll, nach dem billigen 
und marktüblichen Ermessen des Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen, 
durch 
einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung 
mit 
(dem 
Referenzzinssatz) 
vergleichbarer 
Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden 
wird; 
oder 
(falls 
ein 
solcher 
alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
 
(II) the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with an alternative reference rate, which, subject 
to the reasonable and marketable discretion of the 
Independent Expert, is or will be commonly used 
(in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate notes in the respective currency; or (if such 
an 
alternative 
reference 
rate 
cannot 
be 
determined)  
 
 
 
III) der Referenzzinssatz soll durch einen Satz 
ersetzt werden, der von dem Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf 
dem 
allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestimmt wird. 
 
(III) the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with a rate, which is determined by the 
Independent Expert in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the 
Reference Interest Rate and the relevant currency 
in a commercially reasonable manner based on 
the general market interest levels in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
 
 
Der Unabhängige Sachverständige legt zudem fest, 
welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in 
Verbindung 
mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz verwendet werden soll (die 
"Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Bestimmung 
des 
Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatzes 
(der 
"maßgebliche 
Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Referenzzinssatz 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz und jede Bezugnahme 
 
The Independent Expert shall also determine 
which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such Successor Reference 
Interest Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). 
From the date of the determination of the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (the "Relevant 
Date") any reference to the Reference Interest 
Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Interest Rate and any reference to the 
Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date

--- Page 34 ---
- 28 - 
 
auf 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
bezieht 
sich 
vom 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf 
die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, 
und 
die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
gelten 
entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Sachverständige 
informiert 
die 
Emittentin 
über 
solche 
Feststellungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
informiert 
anschließend 
die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 12. 
Der 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz findet ab dem ersten 
Tag 
der 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
nach 
dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin entscheidet sich für die Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
den 
nachfolgenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes. 
on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Expert 
will notify the Issuer about such determinations. 
The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with § 12. The Successor 
Reference Interest Rate starts to apply from the 
first day of the first Interest Period following the 
Discontinuation Event unless the Issuer elects to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of this paragraph below. 
 
 
 
[einfügen im Fall einer Anpassung durch den 
Unabhängigen Sachverständingen: Zusätzlich zu 
einer Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch 
einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
kann 
der 
Unabhängige 
Sachverständige 
einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne (zu 
addieren oder zu subtrahieren) festlegen, der oder 
die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit 
dem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und die 
Interessen der Emittentin und der Gläubiger 
berücksichtigt und wirtschaftlich gleichwertig für 
die Emittentin und die Gläubiger ist.] 
 
[insert in the case of an adjustment by the 
Independent Expert: Further and in addition to 
any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate 
with a Successor Reference Interest Rate the 
Independent Expert may specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to be 
added or subtracted) which shall be applied in 
determining the Rate of Interest and calculating 
the Interest Amount, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the Note before the Discontinuation 
Event occurred, and which shall take into account 
the interests of the Issuer and the Holders and 
shall be an economic equivalent for the Issuer 
and the Holders.] 
 
 
 
[Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und ein 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß der oben 
genannten Punkte (I) oder (II) bestimmt werden 
kann, kann die Emittentin [einfügen im Fall von 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
(non-preferred) 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung 
der 
zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde] die Schuldverschreibungen 
vollständig, aber nicht teilweise kündigen und 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Kündigung 
wird 
den 
Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen von der 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt. In dieser 
Mitteilung muss enthalten sein: 
 
[If a Discontinuation Event occurs and a 
Successor Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined pursuant to (I) or (II) above, the 
Issuer may [insert in the case unsubordinated 
Notes which are eligible for MREL and in case 
of 
unsubordinated 
non-preferred 
Notes: 
subject to the prior consent of the competent 
resolution authority] redeem the Notes in whole 
but not in part. Notice of such redemption shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes 
in accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
 
 
(i) die Serie der Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
der Kündigung betroffen sind; und 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
and 
(ii) das Rückzahlungsdatum, welches [ein Tag der 
nicht später als der zweite Zinszahlungstag 
nach dem Einstellungsereignis] [und] nicht 
weniger als [Mindestmitteilung an die 
Inhaber 
einfügen] 
oder 
mehr 
als 
[Maximalmitteilung 
an 
die 
Inhaber 
einfügen] [Tage] [Geschäftstage] nach dem 
Datum sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung der 
Emittentin an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist. 
 
(ii) the redemption date, which shall be [a date 
not later than the second Interest Payment 
Date following the Discontinuation Event] 
[and] not less than [insert Minimum Notice 
to 
Holders] 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice to Holders] [days] 
[Business Days] after the date on which 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders.

--- Page 35 ---
- 29 - 
 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entscheidet, 
gilt 
als 
Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahlungstag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungsdatum 
[der 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz 
oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite, 
wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze 
angezeigt wurden [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, 
falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere 
Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle 
der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
gezahlt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Nimmt 
der 
ermittelte 
Angebotssatz 
einen 
negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge 
verrechnet, so dass er die Marge verringert.] [●] 
Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null).] 
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Rate 
of Interest applicable from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the 
last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations were offered [in 
the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
[in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In 
case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, 
the Margin will be applied against such 
quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] 
[●] The Rate of Interest will never be less than 0 
(zero).] 
 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Sachverständiger" bezeichnet 
eine unabhängige international anerkannte Bank 
oder einen unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit 
einschlägiger Expertise, die bzw. der von der 
Emittentin auf eigene Kosten bestellt wird, es sei 
denn 
die 
Emittentin 
selbst 
fungiert 
als 
Unabhängiger Sachverständiger. 
 
"Independent Expert" means an independent 
bank of international standing or an independent 
financial 
advisor 
with 
relevant 
expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense, unless 
the Issuer acts as Independent Expert. 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz 
gilt: 
 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies: 
 
 
 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt: Wenn der gemäß 
den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
niedriger 
ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt: Wenn der gemäß 
den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], 
so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].] 
 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
 
[(4)][([●])] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle 
wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, 
an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in 
Bezug auf die festgelegten Stückelungen (der 
"Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
auf 
die 
festgelegten 
Stückelungen angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende 
Betrag 
[falls 
die 
festgelegte 
 
[(4)][([●])] Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
date at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Notes in 
respect of the Specified Denominations for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to the Specified Denominations and 
rounding the resulting figure [if the Specified

--- Page 36 ---
- 30 - 
 
Währung Euro ist: auf den nächsten Euro 0,01 
auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei Euro 0,005 
aufgerundet 
werden] 
[falls 
die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist: auf die kleinste Einheit 
der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden]. 
Currency is Euro: to the nearest Euro 0.01, 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards] [if the 
Specified Currency is not Euro: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards]. 
 
 
 
[(5)][([●])] 
Mitteilungen 
von 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinsbetrag. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag der 
Emittentin, 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 12 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung 
jeweils 
folgenden 
[falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort 
zu unterhalten hat: Geschäftstag, der ein 
Geschäftstag 
am 
Ort 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Berechnungsstelle ist,] [falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
keine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort 
zu unterhalten hat: Geschäftstag und jeder Börse, 
an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend, 
aber keinesfalls später als dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung 
oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern 
gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt. 
 
[(5)][([●])] Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 12 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth [if Calculation Agent is required to 
maintain a Specific Office in a Required 
Location: Business Day which is a Business Day 
at the place of the Specified Office of the 
Calculation Agent] [if Calculation Agent is not 
required to maintain a Specific Office in a 
Required Location: Business Day thereafter 
and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time to 
time listed, to such stock exchange, as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
[(6)][([●])] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht 
ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Gläubiger bindend. 
 
[(6)][([●])] 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
 
 
[(7)][([●])] 
Zinslauf. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Tag, der dem 
Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen nicht am 
Tag der Fälligkeit, sondern erst an dem Tag, der 
dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht. 
Der 
maßgebliche Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen*.]  
 
[(7)][([●])] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the date preceding 
their due date for redemption. If the Issuer shall 
fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the due date until 
the date preceding the date of actual redemption 
of the Notes. The applicable Rate of Interest will 
be the default rate of interest established by law.]

--- Page 37 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 
247 Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 
288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB). 
 
 
[(C) 
Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ohne 
periodische Zinszahlungen bzw. Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
[(C) In the case of Notes without periodic 
interest payments or Zero Coupon Notes: 
 
 
 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es werden 
keine 
periodischen 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet. 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes. 
 
 
 
(2) 
Zinslauf. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
erfolgt 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Satzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen*.] 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
accrues from, and including, the due date to, but 
excluding, the date of the actual redemption of 
the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law*.] 
 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 
247 Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 
288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB). 
 
 
 
[(8)][([●])] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[(8)][([●])] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual: 
 
[if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual: 
 
 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA): 
 
[In 
case 
of 
fixed 
rate 
Notes 
and 
if 
Actual/Actual (ICMA): 
(i) wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieser Periode) kürzer ist als 
die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt 
oder 
ihr 
entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieser Periode) geteilt durch 
das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
in 
§ 
3 
(1) 
 
(i) if 
the 
Calculation 
Period 
(from, 
and 
including, the first day of such period, but 
excluding, the last) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days 
in such Calculation Period (from, and 
including, the first day of such period, but 
excluding, the last) divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 38 ---
- 32 - 
 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
 
 
(ii) wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieser Periode) länger ist als 
die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, die Summe 
(A) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
den 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt 
durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 (1) 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr und (B) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das 
Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
in 
§ 
3 
(1) 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: (A) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) 
and (B) the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) 
that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist die Periode ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) bis 
zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich 
desselben).] 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date.] 
 
 
 
[Im 
Falle 
von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed): 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed): the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/360: die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
[if Actual/360: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf 
den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in 
welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis: the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 
31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the last day of 
the month February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis: die 
Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 
12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar 
ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es 
sei denn, dass im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag 
 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis: the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the Final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date 
is the last day of the month of February. In which

--- Page 39 ---
- 33 - 
 
endenden Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte 
Tag des Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 
Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
 
§ 4 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
 
(1) [(a)] Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen von 
Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems gegen Vorlage 
und 
(außer 
im 
Fall 
von 
Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Zahlung 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
(1) [(a)] Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System upon presentation and (except in the case 
of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside 
the United States. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
keine 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind: 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
 
 
 
(b) Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to paragraph (2), to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b).]] 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note 
shall be made, subject to paragraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1 (3) (b).]] 
 
 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der frei 
handelbaren und konvertierbaren Währung, die am 
entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des 
Staates der festgelegten Währung ist. 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the freely negotiable and convertible 
currency which on the respective due date is the 
currency of the country of the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 (3) 
und des Absatzes (1) dieses § 4 bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and 
paragraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and 
its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 40 ---
- 34 - 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
[Im 
Falle 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen: vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz 
1(c),] keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day then [In the case of 
Floating Rate Notes: subject to § 3(1)(c)] the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next such day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
das Clearing System und (ii) [falls die festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren]] Zahlungen abwickeln [falls die 
festgelegte Währung Euro ist: das Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
2 
oder 
ein 
Nachfolgesystem (TARGET) geöffnet ist]. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System, and (ii) [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [all relevant 
financial centres]] settle payments [if the 
Specified Currency is Euro: the Trans-
European 
Automated 
Real-Time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 or any 
successor system thereto (TARGET) is open]. 
 
 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen: 
den 
Amortisationsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen.] 
 
(6) References to Principal. Reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer for other than taxation reasons: the Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
the 
Notes;] 
[if 
redeemable at the option of the Holder: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes: the Amortised Face 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7.] 
 
 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the Amtsgericht in Frankfurt 
am Main principal or interest not claimed by 
Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease.

--- Page 41 ---
- 35 - 
 
§ 5 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
 
 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Im 
Fall 
eines 
festgelegten Tages Datum des Fälligkeitstags 
einfügen] [Im Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats: 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" pro 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden: 
der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung] 
[ansonsten 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
pro 
festgelegter 
Stückelung, der nicht weniger als 100 % des 
vom Investor investierten Kapitals sein darf]. 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on 
[in the case of a specified date insert Maturity 
Date ] [in the case of a Redemption Month: the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption 
Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" per Note shall be [if the 
Notes are redeemed at their principal amount: 
the Specified Denomination] [otherwise Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination which may not be less than 100 
per cent. of the principal invested by an 
investor]. 
 
 
 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen anwendbar ist: 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation: 
 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, den Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
sind: 
am 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 (1) 
definiert)] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen: bei Fälligkeit oder im 
Falle 
des 
Kaufs 
oder 
Tauschs 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
(non-preferred) 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: oder falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf andere Art und Weise 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the United States of America or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this Series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) [in 
the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: on the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1))] [in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes: at maturity or upon the sale or 
exchange of any Note], [in the case of 
unsubordinated Notes which are eligible for 
MREL and in case of unsubordinated, non-
preferred Notes, insert: or if the tax treatment 
of the Notes changes materially in any other way, 
such change was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the date of issue and such change is in the 
assessment 
of 
the 
Issuer 
materially 
disadvantageous to the Issuer], the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days’ nor 
less than 30 days’ prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12, to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with 
interest, if any, accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. [In the case of unsubordinated 
Notes which are eligible for MREL and in case 
of unsubordinated, non-preferred Notes: The

--- Page 42 ---
- 36 - 
 
wesentlich ändert, diese Änderung am Tag der 
Ausgabe vernünftigerweise nicht vorhersehbar war 
und diese Änderung nach Einschätzung der 
Emittentin wesentlich nachteilig für die Emittentin 
sein wird] zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird. [Im Fall von nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten Schuldverschreibungen: Die 
Wirksamkeit 
der 
Ausübung 
dieses 
Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 
5 (2) steht unter dem Vorbehalt der Zustimmung 
der zuständigen Abwicklungsbehörde.] 
validity of the exercise of this call option 
pursuant to this § 5 (2) by the Issuer is subject to 
the prior consent of the competent resolution 
authority.] 
 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, die die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umstände darlegt.] 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance 
with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.] 
 
 
 
[Falls 
bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind oder 
bei nicht nachrangigen, nicht-bevorrechtigten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung aufgrund eines MREL Events 
anwendbar ist: 
 
[If unsubordinated Notes which are eligible 
for MREL or unsubordinated, non-preferred 
Notes are subject to Early redemption in case 
of an MREL Event: 
 
 
 
[(2)][([●])] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines 
MREL Events. 
 
[(2)][([●])] Early redemption in case of an MREL 
Event. 
 
 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
jederzeit 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin und vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der 
zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
60 
Tagen 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag [Bei Schuldverschreibungen 
außer Schuldverschreibungen ohne periodische 
Zinszahlungen 
bzw. 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen: zuzüglich bis zu dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen] vorzeitig 
gekündigt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin nicht mehr die Anforderungen an die 
Berücksichtigungsfähigkeit für die Zwecke des 
Mindestbetrags 
an 
Eigenmitteln 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities – MREL, und ein solches Szenario ein 
"MREL Event") erfüllen. 
 
The Notes may be redeemed at any time in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, but 
subject to the prior consent of the competent 
resolution authority, upon not less than 30 and 
not more than 60 days’ notice at the Final 
Redemption Amount [In the case of Notes other 
than Notes without periodic interest payments 
or Zero Coupon Notes: plus accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption,] in 
case the Notes, according to the determination of 
the Issuer, cease to qualify as eligible for the 
purposes of the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (MREL, and such 
scenario a "MREL Event"). 
 
 
 
Die Kündigung nach diesem Absatz [(2)][([●])] 
hat durch Mitteilung gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie 
ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine Erklärung 
erhalten, dass die Rückzahlung nach diesem § 5 
[(2)][([●])] erfolgt.] 
 
Any notice in accordance with this paragraph 
[(2)][([●])] shall be given by a notice in 
accordance with §12. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must 
set forth a statement that the redemption is made 
in accordance with §5[(2)][([●])].]

--- Page 43 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
[(3)][([●])] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin. 
 
[(3)][([●])] [Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer. 
 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann [bei nicht nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
Schuldverschreibungen:, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung 
der 
zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde] nachdem sie gemäß Absatz 
(b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
[insgesamt oder teilweise] [insgesamt, aber nicht 
teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen 
(Call) (wie nachstehend definiert) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) [, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen] zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung 
eines Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines 
maximalen Rückzahlungsbetrages: Eine solche 
Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages 
von [mindestens [Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag]] 
[maximalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
 
(a) 
The 
Issuer 
may 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
unsubordinated Notes which are eligible for 
MREL and in the case of unsubordinated, 
non-preferred Notes: subject to the prior 
consent of the competent resolution authority], 
upon 
notice 
given 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (b), redeem [all or some only] [all 
but not some only] of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption 
Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount 
applies: Any such redemption must be of a 
principal amount equal to [at least [[Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount]] 
[Maximum 
Redemption Amount].] 
 
 
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)" bezeichnet 
[Daten] 
 
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means [date(s)]. 
 
 
 
[Bei Schuldverschreibungen (außer Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen): 
Der 
"Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag.]] 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: The "Call Redemption Amount" of a 
Note shall be its Final Redemption Amount.]] 
 
 
 
[Bei Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen): 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes: 
(a) Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht der Summe aus: 
 
(a) The "Call Redemption Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis") und  
 
(i) [Reference Price] (the "Reference Price") 
and 
 
 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite] (jährlich 
kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis ab dem 
(und einschließlich) [Tag der Begebung] bis 
zu (aber ausschließlich) dem vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, 
an dem die Schuldverschreibung fällig und 
rückzahlbar werden. 
 
(ii) the 
product 
of 
[Amortisation 
Yield] 
(compounded annually) and the Reference 
Price from (and including) [Issue Date] to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
the Notes become due and payable. 
 
 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der 
nicht vollen Jahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, 
hat sie im Falle des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage 
des Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 
definiert) zu erfolgen. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a 
full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in § 3). 
 
 
 
(b) 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) bei Fälligkeit nicht 
 
(b) If the Issuer fails to pay the Call Redemption 
Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount

--- Page 44 ---
- 38 - 
 
zahlt, 
wird 
der 
Amortisationsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben 
berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die 
Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (a) (ii) auf den für 
die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
oder 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden, durch den Tag ersetzt werden, an dem die 
Rückzahlung erfolgt.] 
of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, 
except that references in subparagraph (a) (ii) 
above to the date fixed for redemption or the date 
on which such Note becomes due and repayable 
shall refer to the date on which payment is 
made.] 
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(4)] dieses § 5 
verlangt hat.] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Holder: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of 
such Note under paragraph [(4)] of this § 5.] 
 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Kündigungsfrist 
von nicht weniger als fünf Tagen durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekannt zu geben. Sie 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § 12 upon not less than five days’ prior 
notice. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie [ganz oder 
teilweise] 
[ganz 
aber 
nicht 
teilweise] 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed [in 
whole or in part only] [in whole but not in part 
only] and, if in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the 
date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen nach 
den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems 
ausgewählt 
(was 
in 
freiem 
Ermessen 
von 
Euroclear und CBL in deren Aufzeichnungen als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Nennbetrages reflektiert wird). 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing 
System (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and CBL as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen: 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of a Holder: 
 
 
 
[(4)][([●])] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
 
[(4)][([●])] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch 
den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of 
any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 45 ---
- 39 - 
 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put)" bezeichnet 
[Daten] 
 
"Put Redemption Date(s)" means [date(s)]. 
 
 
 
[Bei Schuldverschreibungen (außer Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen): 
Der 
"Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag.]] 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: The "Put Redemption Amount" of a 
Note shall be its Final Redemption Amount.]] 
 
 
 
[Bei Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen): 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes: 
(a) Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)" einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht der Summe aus: 
 
(a) The "Put Redemption Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
(i) 
[Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis") und  
 
(i) 
[Reference Price] (the "Reference Price") 
and 
 
 
 
(ii) dem 
Produkt 
aus 
[Emissionsrendite] 
(jährlich kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis 
ab dem (und einschließlich) [Tag der 
Begebung] bis zu (aber ausschließlich) dem 
vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag 
oder 
(je 
nachdem) 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibung fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden. 
 
(ii) the product of [Amortisation 
Yield] 
(compounded annually) and the Reference 
Price from (and including) [Issue Date] to 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Notes become due and 
payable. 
 
 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der 
nicht vollen Jahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, 
hat sie im Falle des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage 
des Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 
definiert) zu erfolgen. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a 
full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in § 3). 
 
 
 
(b) 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) bei Fälligkeit nicht 
zahlt, 
wird 
der 
Amortisationsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben 
berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die 
Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (a) (ii) auf den für 
die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
oder 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden, durch den Tag ersetzt werden, an dem die 
Rückzahlung erfolgt.] 
 
(b) If the Issuer fails to pay the Put Redemption 
Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount 
of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, 
except that references in subparagraph (a) (ii) 
above to the date fixed for redemption or the date 
on which such Note becomes due and repayable 
shall refer to the date on which payment is 
made.] 
 
 
 
[Falls vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar 
ist 
oder 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation or if Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht das Recht zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung oder das Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
ihres Wahlrechts nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
The Holder may not exercise the option for Early 
Redemption in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its 
option to redeem such Note under this § 5.] 
 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
 
(b) In order to exercise the option for Early 
Redemption, the Holder must, not less than 30

--- Page 46 ---
- 40 - 
 
mehr als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) 
erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter 
Zeit 
am 
30. 
Zahltag 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht 
nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung 
hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
[und][,] 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) [im Fall 
der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch CBF: 
und 
(iii) 
Kontaktdaten 
sowie 
eine 
Kontoverbindung]. Für die Ausübungserklärung 
kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle in deutscher 
und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das 
weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung verlangen zu 
können, auszuüben, muss der Gläubiger dann, 
wenn die Schuldverschreibungen über Euroclear 
oder CBL gehalten werden, innerhalb der 
Kündigungsfrist die Emissionsstelle über eine 
solche Rechtsausübung in Übereinstimmung mit 
den Richtlinien von Euroclear und CBL in einer 
für Euroclear und CBL im Einzelfall akzeptablen 
Weise in Kenntnis setzen (wobei diese Richtlinien 
vorsehen können, dass die Emissionsstelle auf 
Weisung des Gläubigers von Euroclear oder CBL 
oder 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle, 
gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
oder 
gemeinsamen 
Dienstleistungsanbieter 
in 
elektronischer Form über die Rechtsausübung in 
Kenntnis gesetzt wird). Weiterhin ist für die 
Rechtsausübung erforderlich, dass zur Vornahme 
entsprechender Vermerke der Gläubiger im 
Einzelfall die Globalurkunde der Emissionsstelle 
vorlegt bzw. die Vorlegung der Globalurkunde 
veranlasste.] 
nor more than 60 days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent an early redemption notice in written form 
("Put Notice"). In the event, that the Put Notice 
is received after 5.00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 
30th Payment Business Day prior to the Put 
Redemption Date, the option shall not have been 
validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) 
the total principal amount of the Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised, [and] (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of such Notes, if 
any [in the case the Global Note is kept in 
custody by CBF: and (iii) contact details as well 
as a bank account]. The Put Notice may be in the 
form available from the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent in the German and English language 
and includes further information. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. If these 
Notes are held through Euroclear or CBL, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of these 
Notes the Holder must, within the notice period, 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and CBL (which may include notice 
being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
CBL or any common depositary, common 
safekeeper or common service provider for them 
to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a 
form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL from time 
to time and at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Note to 
the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly.] 
 
 
 
[Bei Schuldverschreibungen (außer Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen): 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
 
 
 
[(5)][([●])] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
[(5)][([●])] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
 
 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
von 
[falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist: Absatz (2) dieses § 5 und] § 9, 
entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag.] 
 
For purposes of [if Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation: 
paragraph (2) of this § 5 and] § 9, the Early 
Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount.] 
 
 
 
[Bei Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen, falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen anwendbar ist: 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes if Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Der 
Amortisationsbetrag 
einer 
 
(a) The Amortised Face Amount of a Note shall

--- Page 47 ---
- 41 - 
 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht der Summe aus: 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis") und  
 
(i) [Reference Price] (the "Reference Price") 
and 
 
 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite] (jährlich 
kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis ab dem (und 
einschließlich) [Tag der Begebung] bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) 
dem 
vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
fällig 
und 
rückzahlbar werden. 
 
(ii) the product of [Amortisation Yield] 
(compounded annually) and the Reference Price 
from (and including) [Issue Date] to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which the Notes 
become due and payable. 
 
 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der 
nicht vollen Jahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, 
hat sie im Falle des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage 
des Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 
definiert) zu erfolgen. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a 
full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in § 3). 
 
 
 
(b) 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird 
der 
Amortisationsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben 
berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die 
Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (a) (ii) auf den für 
die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
oder 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden, durch den Tag ersetzt werden, an dem die 
Rückzahlung erfolgt.] 
 
(b) If the Issuer fails to pay the Early Redemption 
Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount 
of a Note shall be calculated as provided herein, 
except that references in subparagraph (a) (ii) 
above to the date fixed for redemption or the date 
on which such Note becomes due and repayable 
shall refer to the date on which payment is 
made.] 
 
 
 
§ 6 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND] [,] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLEN [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING 
AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle[,][und] die 
Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] und 
deren anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
lauten wie folgt: 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent[,] [and] Paying Agent[s] [and the 
Calculation Agent] and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
 
 
 
[Emissionsstelle: 
 
[Fiscal Agent:  
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England]  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England]  
 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[Paying Agent[s]:  
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
 
 
[andere Zahlstellen und bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen] 
 
[other Paying Agents and specified offices]

--- Page 48 ---
- 42 - 
 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
 
[Calculation Agent: 
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu 
ersetzen. 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] 
[and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office. 
 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [,] [und] (ii) eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in einer kontinentaleuropäischen 
Stadt 
unterhalten] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert 
sind:[,] 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name der Börse] 
notiert 
sind, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
(die 
die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] und/oder an 
solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln 
dieser Börse verlangen] 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent[,] [and] (ii) a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office 
in a continental European city] [in the case of 
Notes listed on a stock exchange: [,] [and] [(iii)] 
so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of 
Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] 
 
 
 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar: [,] [und] 
[(iv)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle 
mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten] [falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll: [,] [und] [(v)] eine Berechnungsstelle 
[falls die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort 
zu 
unterhalten 
hat: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebenen 
Ort]] 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
[in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: [,] 
[and] [(iv)] if payments at or through the offices 
of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 4 (3) hereof) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City] [if any Calculation 
Agent is to be appointed: [,] [and] [(v)] a 
Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is 
required to maintain a Specified Office in a 
Required Location: with a specified office 
located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
(3) 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] 
[and] the Paying Agent[s] [and the Calculation

--- Page 49 ---
- 43 - 
 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern; 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not have any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust to any Holder. 
 
 
 
§ 7  
STEUERN 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind an der Quelle ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde derselben an der Quelle auferlegt 
oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist: In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin 
diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge [Im Fall von 
nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
(non-preferred) 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: ausschließlich 
in Bezug auf Zinszahlungen] (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die 
den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern 
empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben: 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall 
be made at source without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or deduction at 
source by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. [If Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption for Reasons of Taxation: In such 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts [in the case of unsubordinated Notes 
which are eligible for MREL and in case of 
unsubordinated, non-preferred Notes, insert: 
with respect to payments of interest only] 
(the "Additional 
Amounts") 
as 
shall 
be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable with respect to: 
 
 
 
(a) die 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
sog. 
Abgeltungsteuer 
sowie 
einschließlich 
Kirchensteuer, soweit anwendbar), die nach 
dem 
deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz, 
welches 
durch 
die 
Unternehmenssteuerreform von 2008 ergänzt 
wurde, abgezogen oder einbehalten wird, 
auch wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt durch 
die Emittentin oder ihren Stellvertreter 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
und 
den 
deutschen 
Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, 
welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. 
den Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte; oder 
 
(a) German 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(including, 
Abgeltungsteuer, as well as including church 
tax, if any) to be deducted or withheld 
pursuant to the German Income Tax Act as 
amended by the Corporate Tax Reform Act 
2008, even if the deduction or withholding 
has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any 
other tax which may substitute the German 
Kapitalertragsteuer or Solidaritätszuschlag, 
as the case may be; or 
 
 
 
(b) die an einen Gläubiger oder an einen Dritten 
für einen Gläubiger, falls dieser Gläubiger 
(oder 
ein 
Treuhänder, 
Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, Begünstigter, Teilhaber 
oder Aktionär eines solchen Gläubigers, falls 
es sich bei diesem um ein Nachlassvermögen, 
 
(b) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where such Holder (or a fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder 
of such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a 
trust, a partnership or a corporation) is liable 
to such withholding or deduction by reason

--- Page 50 ---
- 44 - 
 
ein Treuhandvermögen, eine Partnerschaft 
oder eine Gesellschaft handelt) auf Grund 
einer 
früheren 
oder 
gegenwärtigen 
Verbindungen zu Deutschland (einschließlich 
solcher Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, 
Begünstigter, 
Teilhaber 
oder 
Aktionäre), 
welche 
Staatsbürger dieses Landes waren oder sind 
oder in diesem Land Handel oder Geschäfte 
betrieben haben oder betreiben oder in diesen 
einen Geschäfts- oder Wohnsitz hatten oder 
haben) einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
unterliegt und sich diese Verbindung nicht 
nur 
darauf 
beschränkt, 
dass 
er 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder die unter 
diesen jeweils zu leistende Zahlungen erhält; 
oder 
of 
having 
some 
present 
or 
former 
connection 
with 
Germany, 
including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen 
or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business or present 
therein or having, or having had, a 
permanent establishment therein, other than 
by reason only of the holding of such Note 
or the receipt of the relevant payment in 
respect thereof; or 
 
 
 
(c) die an den Gläubiger oder an einen Dritten 
für den Gläubiger, falls kein Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte erfolgen müssen, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der 
fraglichen Zahlung einem Depotkonto bei 
einer nicht in Deutschland ansässigen Bank 
gutgeschrieben worden wären; oder 
 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank outside Germany; or 
 
 
 
(d) die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der 
die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) which are deducted or withheld pursuant to 
(i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of 
interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
 
 
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermeiden können 
(aber 
nicht 
vermieden 
hat), 
dass 
er 
Vorschriften beachtet, oder dafür sorgt, dass 
Dritte dieses tun, oder dadurch dass er eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder 
einen 
ähnlichen Antrag auf Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörden; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt; oder 
 
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully avoid (but has 
not so avoided) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or 
 
 
 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die Bewirkung 
einer Zahlung über eine andere Zahlstelle in 
einem 
Mitgliedsstaat 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, welche nicht zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, hätte 
vermeiden können; oder 
 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by effecting a 
payment via another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union, not 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax; or

--- Page 51 ---
- 45 - 
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger oder dessen Rechnung zahlbar ist, 
der Schuldverschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder 
 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or 
 
 
 
(h) die von einer Zahlung an einen Gläubiger 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind, der in 
einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb 
(Steueroasenabwehr-
gesetz) wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt 
(einschließlich der aufgrund von diesem 
Gesetz ergangenen Verordnungen)) ansässig 
ist; oder 
 
(h) which are to be withheld or deducted from 
any payment to be made to a Holder being 
resident in a non-cooperative country or 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of 
the act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax 
competition (Steueroasenabwehrgesetz) as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this act); or 
 
 
 
(i) 
bei jeglicher Kombination der Absätze (a)-
(h). 
 
(i) any combination of paragraphs (a)-(h); 
 
 
 
 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
einen 
Gläubiger 
vorgenommen, 
welcher 
die 
Zahlung 
als 
Treuhänder oder Partnerschaft oder als sonstiger 
nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
eine 
solche 
Zahlung 
für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Partner der Partnerschaft zugerechnet würde, 
die 
jeweils 
selbst 
nicht 
zum 
Erhalt 
von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen wären, 
wenn 
der 
Begünstigte, 
Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, Partner oder wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other 
than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
 
 
 
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen im 
vorstehenden Absatz sind die Emittentin, jede 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
irgendeine 
andere 
Person 
berechtigt, erforderliche Abzüge und Einbehalte 
vorzunehmen 
und 
sind 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen aufgrund eines 
solchen Einbehalts oder eines Abzugs der 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code von 1986 in der geänderten 
Fassung, 
aktuellen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnungen oder offiziellen Auslegungen davon 
("FATCA"), 
etwaigen 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarungen zur Umsetzung von FATCA, den 
Gesetzen der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, die 
FATCA 
umsetzen, 
oder 
einem 
Abkommen 
zwischen der Emittentin und den Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder 
eine 
Behörde 
derselben 
vorgenommen wird. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
preceding paragraph, each of the Issuer, any 
paying agent or any other person shall be entitled 
to deduct and withhold as required, and shall not 
be required to pay any Additional Amounts with 
respect to any such withholding or deduction 
imposed on or in respect of any Note in each case 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof ("FATCA"), any 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
to 
implement 
FATCA, the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
implementing 
FATCA, 
or 
any 
agreement between the Issuer and the United 
States or any authority thereof entered into for 
FATCA purposes.

--- Page 52 ---
- 46 - 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
zehn 
Jahre 
verkürzt. 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years 
for the Notes. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen mit außerordentlichem 
Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger:  
 
[In the case of unsubordinated Notes with an 
extraordinary termination right of Holders:  
 
 
 
§ 9  
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
§ 9  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5 
beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der 
Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, 
falls: 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in § 5), 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
of repayment, in the event that: 
 
 
 
(a) die Emittentin das Kapital [oder Zinsen] nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
15 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal [or 
interest] within 15 days from the relevant 
due date, or 
 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und die 
jeweilige Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden 
kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung 
von 
einem 
Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which 
respective failure is not capable of remedy 
or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 30 
days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt, oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
und dies 60 Tage fortdauert; oder 
 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet 
its financial obligations or ceases its 
payments, in each case for a period of 60 
days, or 
 
 
 
(d) ein Insolvenz- oder vergleichbare Verfahren 
gegen die Emittentin von einer Aufsichts- 
oder sonstigen Behörde, deren Zuständigkeit 
die Emittentin unterliegt, eingeleitet oder 
eröffnet wird, welches nicht binnen 60 Tagen 
nach 
seiner 
Einleitung 
endgültig 
oder 
einstweilen eingestellt worden ist, oder die 
Emittentin die Eröffnung eines solchen 
Verfahrens beantragt; oder 
 
(d) 
insolvency or similar proceedings against 
the Issuer are being instituted or applied 
for by a supervisory or other authority 
which has jurisdiction over the Issuer, 
which proceedings are not discontinued 
permanently or termporarily within 60 
days after their initiation, or the Issuer 
applies for such proceedings, or 
 
 
 
(e) die Emittentin aufgelöst oder liquidiert wird, 
es sei denn dass die Auflösung oder 
Liquidation im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
Zusammenschluss 
mit 
einem 
anderen 
Rechtsgebilde erfolgt, sofern dieses andere 
Rechtsgebilde alle Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; oder 
 
(e) 
the Issuer is dissolved or liquidated, unless 
such dissolution or liquidation is made in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or 
other combination with any other entity, 
provided that such other entity assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under the 
Notes; or

--- Page 53 ---
- 47 - 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz 
oder weit überwiegend einstellt, veräußert 
oder ihr gesamtes oder nahezu gesamtes 
Vermögen anderweitig abgibt und es dadurch 
wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin 
ihren 
jeweiligen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht mehr erfüllen 
kann.  
 
(f) 
the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of 
its business operations or sells or disposes 
of all or substantially all of its assets and 
for this reason it becomes likely that the 
Issuer may not fulfil its respective 
payment obligations against the Holders 
under the Notes, or 
 
 
 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
 
 
 
(2) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz (1) ist Textform in deutscher oder 
englischer Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
zu erklären. Der Benachrichtigung ist ein 
Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass 
der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Abgabe 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
Inhaber 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibung 
ist. 
Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie in § [14] Absatz (4) definiert) 
oder auf andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden.] 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph (1), shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text form in the German or English 
language to the Fiscal Agent together with proof 
that such Holder at the time of such notice is a 
Holder of the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of his Custodian (as defined in § [14] 
paragraph (4)) or in other appropriate manner.] 
 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind, von 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
bei 
denen 
das 
außerordentliche 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Gläubiger gesetzlich ausgeschlossen ist:  
 
[In the case of unsubordinated Notes which 
are eligible for MREL, of unsubordinated 
non-preferred 
Notes 
and 
in 
case 
the 
extraordinary termination right of Holders is 
excluded by provision of law: 
 
 
 
§ 9 
KEINE KÜNDIGUNG 
 
§ 9 
NO EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
 
Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht zur Kündigung 
der Schuldverschreibungen.] 
 
The Holders have no right to terminate the 
Notes.] 
 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger an ihrer Stelle eine 
andere Gesellschaft (deren stimmberechtigtes 
Kapital mehrheitlich unmittelbar oder mittelbar 
von der Emittentin gehalten wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass es der Emittentin nach ihrer wohlbegründeten 
Einschätzung 
gestattet 
ist, 
(i) 
eine 
solche 
Gesellschaft zu errichten und fortzuführen und (ii) 
dass sie mit der Erteilung der hierfür nach ihrer 
wohlbegründeten 
Einschätzung 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen rechnen kann; andernfalls kann 
diese Gesellschaft eine nicht mit der Emittentin 
verbundene 
Gesellschaft 
sein) 
als 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in 
default, at any time substitute for the Issuer any 
company in which the Issuer holds, directly, or 
indirectly, the majority of the voting capital 
provided that, in its reasonable judgement, the 
Issuer (i) may establish and continue to operate 
such a company and (ii) can expect to receive all 
necessary approvals to such end; otherwise such 
company may be a company which is unrelated 
to the Issuer) as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with 
this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided 
that1:

--- Page 54 ---
- 48 - 
 
Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass1: 
 
 
 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(a) 
the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin und die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten 
haben 
und 
berechtigt 
sind, 
an 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
die 
zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge, in 
der hierin festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, 
ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder 
die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
haben, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
andere 
Abgaben 
jeder 
Art 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten; 
 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have 
obtained all necessary authorisations and 
may transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the 
currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the 
Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence, all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten 
freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger bezüglich 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution;  
 
 
 
[Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
nicht 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind: 
 
[In the case of unsubordinated Notes which 
are not eligible for MREL: 
 
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne eine 
Ersetzung stehen würde;] 
 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
on terms which ensure that each Holder 
will be put in an economic position that is 
at least as favourable as that which would 
have existed if the substitution had not 
taken place;]  
 
 
 
[Bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und bei 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
Schuldverschreibungen:  
 
[In the case of unsubordinated Notes which 
are eligible for MREL and in case of 
unsubordinated, non-preferred Notes: 
 
 
 
(d) (i) die Erlöse der Emittentin sofort ohne 
 
(d) (i) the proceeds are immediately available to 
                                                     
1  
FATCA. Falls eine Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt mehrheitlich beteiligt ist, am oder nach dem Datum, das 
sechs Monate nach dem Datum liegt an dem U.S Treasury Vorschriften welche den Begriff „ausländische durchgeleitete Zahlungen“ 
definieren beim Federal register eingereicht werden (ein solches Datum der „Stichtag“), ersetzt wird und wenn diese Ersetzung als ein 
Umtausch 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
U.S. 
Einkommensteuergesichtspunkten 
behandelt 
wird, 
werden 
solche 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht so behandelt, als wären sie am Stichtag noch nicht begeben und sie unterliegen einem Einbehalt gemäß 
FATCA. 
 
FATCA. If, on the date that is six months after the date on which Treasury Regulations that define the term "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the Federal Register (each date, the "grandfathering date"), a company in which the Issuer holds, directly or 
indirectly, the majority of the voting capital is substituted as the Issuer of Notes created and issued on or before the grandfathering 
date, and if such substitution results in a deemed exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then such Notes would 
not be treated as outstanding as of the grandfathering date and would become subject to withholding under FATCA.

--- Page 55 ---
- 49 - 
 
Einschränkung und in einer Form zur 
Verfügung stehen, die den Anforderungen an 
die Berücksichtigungsfähigkeit genügt, (ii) 
die 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
übernommenen Verbindlichkeiten ebeneso 
berücksichtigungsfähig 
sind 
wie 
die 
übernommenen Verbindlichkeiten, (iii) jeder 
Gläubiger wirtschaftlich so gestellt wird, wie 
er ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde und (iv) 
die 
Erlaubnis 
der 
zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde vorliegt;] 
the Issuer, without limitation and in a form 
that 
satisfies 
the 
requirements 
of 
eligibility, (ii) the liabilities assumed by 
the Substitute Debtor are eligible on terms 
that are identical with the eligibility 
provisions of the liabilities assumed, (iii) 
each Holder will be put in an economic 
position that is as favourable as that which 
would have existed if the substitution had 
not taken place and (iv) the competent 
resolution authority has granted its prior 
consent;] 
 
 
 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung 
bezüglich der betroffenen Rechtsordnungen 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
wird, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a) bis (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected 
one opinion of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs 
(a) to (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß  
§ 12 bekannt zu machen.  
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall 
be published in accordance with § 12. 
 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des weiteren gilt im Falle einer Ersetzung 
Folgendes: 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any 
such substitution, any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and 
any reference to the country in which the Issuer 
is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes 
shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following 
shall apply: 
 
 
 
(a) in § 7 [falls bei Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen anwendbar ist: und § 5 (2)] gilt eine 
alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden 
Satzes 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat [;] [.] 
 
(a) in § 7 [if Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption for Reasons of Taxation: and § 5 
(2)] an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor[;] [.] 
 
 
 
(b) in § 9 (1) (c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
in 
ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin (gemäß § 10 (d)) als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin); 
 
(b) in § 9 (1) (c) to (f) an alternative reference to 
the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor (pursuant to 
§ 10 (d)) shall be deemed to have been included 
in addition to the reference to the Substitute 
Debtor; 
 
 
 
(c) in § 9 (1) gilt ein weiterer Kündigungsgrund als 
aufgenommen, der dann besteht, wenn die 
Garantie gemäß Absatz (1) (d) aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht mehr gilt. 
 
(c) in § 9 (1) a further event of default shall be 
deemed to have been included; such event of 
default shall exist in the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to subparagraph (1) (d) is or becomes 
invalid for any reasons. 
 
 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN,  
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION

--- Page 56 ---
- 50 - 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 2 . 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden.  
 
 
(1) Further Issues2. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes.  
(2) Ankauf. [Im Fall von nicht nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL sind und im 
Fall 
von 
nicht 
nachrangigen, 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
(non-preferred) 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Vorbehaltlich 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde ist die] [Die] Emittentin [ist] 
berechtigt, Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. 
Die 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder 
bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch 
öffentliches 
Angebot 
erfolgen, 
muss 
dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
(2) Purchases. [In the case of unsubordinated 
Notes which are eligible for MREL and in case 
of 
unsubordinated 
non-preferred 
Notes, 
insert: Subject to the prior consent of the 
competent resolution authority, the] [The] Issuer 
may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal 
Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders for such Notes must be made 
available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
 
 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
 
 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden 
Börse nicht möglich ist: 
 
[If notices may not be given by means of 
electronic publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange: 
                                                     
2 
Falls die Emittentin weitere Schuldverschreibungen am oder nach dem Stichtag infolge einer Wiederaunahme einer Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die am oder vor dem Stichtag begründet wurde, begründet und begibt, unterliegen diese weiteren 
Schuldverschreibungen einem Einbehalt gemäß FATCA und, sollten die Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die am oder vor dem 
Stichtag begründet wurde und die weiteren Schuldverschreibungen nicht zu unterscheiden sein, können die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Serie, die am oder vor dem Stichtag begründet wurde, einem Einbehalt gemäß FATCA unterliegen. 
 
If the Issuer creates and issues further Notes on or after the grandfathering date pursuant to a reopening of a Series of Notes that was 
created on or before the grandfathering date, such further Notes will be subject to withholding under FATCA and, should the Notes 
under the Series that was created on or before the grandfathering date and the further Notes be indistinguishable, such Notes under the 
Series that was created on or before the grandfathering date may become subject to withholding under FATCA.

--- Page 57 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
 
[(1)] 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind, 
soweit 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich, 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
[sowie, 
soweit 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich, in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
[Luxemburg] 
[anderen Ort], voraussichtlich [Luxemburger 
Wort] [Tageblatt] [die Financial Times] [andere 
Zeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung] 
in 
deutscher 
oder 
englischer 
Sprache 
zu 
veröffentlichen]. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
[(1)] Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes shall be published, to the extent legally 
required, in the federal gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
[and, to the extent legally required, in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in 
[Luxembourg] 
[other 
location]. 
These 
newspapers are expected to be the [Luxemburger 
Wort] [Tageblatt] [Financial Times] [other 
applicable 
newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation] in the German or English language]. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the third date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication).] 
 
 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden 
Börse möglich ist: 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange: 
 
 
 
[(1)] 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind, 
soweit 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich, 
im 
Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache zu veröffentlichen und erfolgen durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
[Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu)] 
[[betreffende Börse] (www. [Internetadresse])]. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach der 
ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam 
erfolgt.] 
 
[(1)] Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes shall be published, to the extent legally 
required, in the federal gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
in the German or English language will be made 
by means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)] [[relevant stock exchange] 
(www.[internet address])]. Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day of such publication (or, if published 
more than once, on the third day following the 
date of the first such publication).] 
 
 
 
[(2) Mitteilung an das Clearing System. 
 
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
 
 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
notiert sind: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
wirksam mitgeteilt.] 
 
[in the case of Notes which are unlisted: The 
Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind: Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit 
dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder 
die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, paragraph (1) shall apply. In the case 
of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders in lieu of 
publication in the newspapers set forth in 
paragraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was validly given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a

--- Page 58 ---
- 52 - 
 
einer anderen Börse als der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, an der 
die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese 
Form der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am sieb ten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.]] 
Stock Exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange: The Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in paragraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders, provided that the rules of 
the stock exchange on which Notes are listed 
permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Holders on 
the seventh day after the day on which said 
notice was validly given to the Clearing 
System.]] 
 
 
 
[Soweit Beschlüsse der Gläubiger nach dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz anwendbar sein 
sollen: 
 
[In case Resolutions of Holders pursuant to 
the Bond Act shall be applicable:  
§ [13] 
BESCHLÜSSE DER GLÄUBIGER 
 
§ [13] 
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
 
 
 
(1) Beschlussgegenstände. Die Gläubiger können 
gemäß dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(das 
"Schuldverschreibungsgesetz") 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ändern, 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
aller 
Gläubiger bestellen und über alle anderen 
gesetzlich 
zugelassenen 
Beschlussgegenstände 
beschließen [falls über bestimmte Maßnahmen 
nicht durch Mehrheitsbeschluss entschieden 
werden soll:, wobei folgende Maßnahmen von 
einer 
Beschlussfassung 
ausgenommen 
sind: 
[maßgebliche Maßnahmen].] 
 
(1) Matters subject to resolutions. The Holders 
may agree in accordance with the German Bond 
Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen) (the "Bond Act") by majority 
resolution to amend the Terms and Conditions, to 
appoint a joint representative of all Holders and 
on all other matters permitted by law [In case 
certain matters shall not be subject to 
resolutions of Holders:, provided that the 
following matters shall not be subject to 
resolutions of Holders: [relevant matters]]. 
 
 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse für Änderungen der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen entscheiden mit einer 
Mehrheit von [75] [ ] Prozent (Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere die in § 5 (3) 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aufgeführten 
Maßnahmen. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
die 
der 
wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert 
wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
einfachen Mehrheit von mindestens [50] [ ] 
Prozent der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
nimmt 
an 
Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder 
des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an 
den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
(2) Majority requirements for amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions. Resolutions relating to 
material 
amendments 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures 
set 
out 
in  
§ 5 (3) of the Bond Act, shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than [75] [ ] per cent. of the 
votes cast (Qualified Majority). Resolutions 
relating to amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions which are not material, require a 
simple majority of not less than [50] [ ] per cent. 
of the votes cast. Each Holder participating in 
any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
nominal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
 
 
 
[Soweit für einzelne Maßnahmen eine höhere 
Mehrheit 
gilt: 
Beschlüsse 
über 
folgende 
Maßnahmen bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens [ ] Prozent der 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte: 
[maßgebliche 
Maßnahmen].] 
 
[In case certain matters require a higher 
majority: Resolutions on the following matters 
shall require the majority of not less than [ ] per 
cent. of the votes cast: [relevant matters].] 
 
 
 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden im Wege einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
nach 
§ 
18 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz getroffen. 
 
(3) Passing of resolutions. Holders shall pass 
resolutions by vote taken without a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance

--- Page 59 ---
- 53 - 
 
§ 18 of the Bond Act. 
 
 
 
(4) Nachweise. Gläubiger haben die Berechtigung 
zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt 
der Stimmabgabe durch besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§ 
[14][●](4) 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen und die Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank 
für 
den 
Abstimmungszeitraum nachzuweisen. 
 
(4) Proof of eligibility. Holders must demonstrate 
their eligibility to participate in the vote at the 
time of voting by means of a special confirmation 
of the Custodian in accordance with § [14] [●] 
(4) of these Terms and Conditions and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian for the voting period. 
 
 
 
[Falls 
kein 
Gläubigervertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird und die 
Gläubiger einen gemeinsamen Vertreter durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss bestellen können: 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. [Die Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
der 
Gläubiger 
(der 
"Gläubigervertreter") 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
bestellen, die Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
Gläubigervertreters 
festlegen, 
Rechte 
der 
Gläubiger auf den Gläubigervertreter übertragen 
und 
die 
Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
Gläubigervertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung 
eines 
Gläubigervertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
(siehe 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 2), wenn er ermächtigt wird, wesentlichen 
Änderungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
zuzustimmen.] ] 
 
[In case no Holders’ Joint Representative is 
specified in the Terms and Conditions but the 
Holders may appoint a Holders’ Joint 
Representative by resolution: 
(5) Holders’ Joint Representative. [The Holders 
may by majority resolution provide for the 
appointment 
of 
a 
joint 
holders’ 
joint 
representative 
(the 
"Holders’ 
Joint 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities 
and 
the 
powers 
of 
such 
Holders’ 
Joint 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Holders to the Holders’ Joint Representative and 
a limitation of liability of the Holders’ Joint 
Representative. Appointment of a Holders’ Joint 
Representative may only be passed by a 
Qualified Majority (see paragraph 2 above) if 
such Holders’ Joint Representative is to be 
authorised to consent to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions.]  
 
 
 
[Falls ein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Bedingungen bestimmt wird: 
(5) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
der 
Gläubiger 
(der 
"Gläubigervertreter") für alle Gläubiger zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
ist: 
[Gläubigervertreter]. 
Der 
Gläubigervertreter 
kann von den Gläubigern jederzeit ohne Angabe 
von Gründen abberufen werden. 
 
[In case the Holders’ Joint Representative is 
appointed in the Terms and Conditions: 
(5) Holders’ Joint Representative. The holders’ 
joint 
representative 
(the 
"Holders’ 
Joint 
Representative") to exercise the Holders’ rights 
on behalf of each Holder shall be: [Holders’ 
Joint Representative]. The Holders’ Joint 
Representative may be removed from office at 
any time by the Holders without specifying any 
reason. 
 
 
 
Der Gläubigervertreter ist befugt, nach seinem 
Ermessen 
zu 
dem 
von 
ihm 
bestimmten 
Maßnahmen 
[eine 
Gläubigerversammlung 
einzuberufen] 
[zu 
einer 
Abstimmung 
der 
Gläubiger ohne Versammlung aufzufordern] und 
die [Versammlung] [die Abstimmung] zu leiten. 
[Gegebenenfalls 
weitere 
Aufgaben 
des 
Gläubigervertreters ] 
 
The Holders’ Joint Representative shall be 
authorised, at its discretion, in respect of the 
matters determined by it [to convene a meeting of 
Holders] [to call for a vote of Holders without a 
meeting] and to preside the [meeting] [the taking 
of votes]. [If relevant, further duties and 
powers of the Holders’ Joint Representative] 
 
 
 
Der Gläubigervertreter hat die Weisungen der 
Gläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. 
Soweit 
er 
zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, es sei denn, die Gläubiger bestimmen 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss etwas anderes. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der Gläubigervertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. 
 
The Holders’ Joint Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent 
that the Holders’ Joint Representative has been 
authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, 
the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided so 
by majority resolution. The Holders’ Joint 
Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders with respect to its activities. 
 
 
 
Der Gläubigervertreter haftet den Gläubigern als 
Gesamtgläubiger 
für 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
 
The Holders’ Joint Representative shall be liable 
for the proper performance of its duties towards

--- Page 60 ---
- 54 - 
 
Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben; bei seiner Tätigkeit hat 
er 
die 
Sorgfalt 
eines 
ordentlichen 
und 
gewissenhaften Geschäftsleiters anzuwenden. Die 
Haftung des Gläubigervertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, 
es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt 
Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. Die 
Haftung des Gläubigervertreters kann durch 
Beschluss 
der 
Gläubiger 
weiter 
beschränkt 
werden. 
Über 
die 
Geltendmachung 
von 
Ersatzansprüchen 
der 
Gläubiger 
gegen 
den 
Gläubigervertreter entscheiden die Gläubiger.]] 
the Holders who shall be joint and several 
creditors (Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance 
of its duties it shall act with the diligence and 
care of a prudent business manager. The liability 
of the Holders’ Joint Representative shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, 
unless 
the 
Holders’ 
Joint 
Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence. The liability of the Holders’ Joint 
Representative may be further limited by a 
resolution passed by the Holders. The Holders 
shall decide upon the assertion of claims for 
compensation of the Holders against the Holders’ 
Joint Representative.]] 
 
 
 
§ [14][●] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
§ [14][●] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, are governed by German 
law. 
 
 
 
(2) 
Erfüllungsort. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Mönchengladbach.  
 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Mönchengladbach. 
 
 
 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Soweit zulässig, ist für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") das 
Landgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
nicht-
ausschließlich zuständig. Die deutschen Gerichte 
sind 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung abhanden gekommener oder 
vernichteter Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. As far as legally 
allowed, the District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. The German courts 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction over lost or 
destroyed Notes. 
 
 
 
[Soweit Beschlüsse der Gläubiger nach dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz anwendbar sein 
sollen: 
 
[In case Resolutions of Holders pursuant to 
the Bond Act shall be applicable:  
 
 
 
Für Verfahren entsprechend § 9 (2), § 13 (3) und  
§ 
18 
(2) 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
ist 
entsprechend § 9(3) Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
das Amtsgericht zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für Verfahren über die 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der Gläubiger ist 
gemäß § 20 (3) Schuldverschreibungsgesetz das 
Landgericht zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat.] 
 
For proceedings pursuant to § 9 (2), § 13 (3) and  
§ 18(2) of the Bond Act, pursuant to § 9 (3) of 
the Bond Act the Local Court (Amtsgericht) shall 
have jurisdiction in which district the Issuer has 
its registered office. For proceedings with regard 
to the challenge of resolutions of Holders, 
pursuant 
to  
§ 20 (3) of the Bond Act the District Court 
(Landgericht) shall have jurisdiction in which 
district the Issuer has its registered office.] 
 
 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in 
jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in 
jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage geltend zu machen: (i) er 
 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in 
any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, in his own 
name enforce his rights arising under such Notes 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a)

--- Page 61 ---
- 55 - 
 
bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche 
(a) 
den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; oder (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing System 
oder des Verwahrers des Clearing System bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank 
oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, 
in dem der Rechtsstreit eingeleitet wird, prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a copy of the Note 
in global form certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or 
a depositary of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the 
Notes. 
For 
purposes 
of 
the 
foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Holder may, without prejudice of 
the forgoing, protect and enforce his rights under 
the Notes also in any other way which is 
permitted in the country in which the proceedings 
are initiated. 
 
 
 
§ [15][●] 
SPRACHE 
 
§ [15][●] 
LANGUAGE 
 
 
 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in [deutscher] 
[englischer] Sprache abgefasst. [Eine Übersetzung 
in die [deutsche] [englische] Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der [deutsche] [englische] Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die [deutsche] 
[englische] Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
[German] [English] language. [[A German] [An 
English] language translation has been appended. 
The [German] [English] text shall be prevailing 
and binding. The [German] [English] language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 62 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Part D.II. of the Base Prospectus 
Base Prospectus setting out the  
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PFANDBRIEFE 
DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
PFANDBRIEFE 
 
 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Serie [Serien-
Nummer] 
von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
(die 
"Pfandbriefe") der Santander Consumer Bank AG 
(die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] 
(die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in Stückelungen 
von [festgelegte Stückelungen] (die "festgelegten 
Stückelungen") begeben. 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This Series [series 
number] 
of 
Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe 
(the 
"Pfandbriefe") of Santander Consumer Bank AG 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [specified 
currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations 
of [Specified Denominations] (the "Specified 
Denominations"). 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber.  
 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in 
bearer form. 
 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
 
(a) Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Pfandbriefe in 
den festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter 
der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(a) The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in 
Specified Denominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each 
be signed manually or in facsimile by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag 
(der "Austauschtag"), der frühestens 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
liegen 
darf, 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall 
only be made upon delivery of certifications to 
the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Pfandbriefe through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Pfandbriefe 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such certifications. 
Any such certification received on or after the

--- Page 63 ---
- 57 - 
 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird 
als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 (3) 
definiert) zu liefern.] 
40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 5 (3)).] 
 
 
[(4)][([])] 
Clearing 
System. 
[Jede 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (falls diese nicht ausgetauscht wird) 
und/oder 
jede 
Dauerglobalurkunde] 
[Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde, die die Pfandbriefe verbrieft 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde")] wird solange von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus den Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] [,] [und] oder 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
[(4)][([])] Clearing System. [Each Temporary 
Global Note (if it will not be exchanged) and/or 
Permanent Global Note] [The permanent global 
note 
representing 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
(the 
"Permanent Global Note")] will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the 
Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing 
System: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Germany 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg 
("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] [,] [and] [or 
any successor in respect of the functions 
perormed by [if more than one Clearing 
System: each of the Clearing Systems] [if one 
Clearing System: the Clearing System]. 
 
 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden:] 
 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe kept in custody on 
behalf of the ICSDs:] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist: Die 
Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer New Global Note 
("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle (common safekeeper) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: The 
Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist: Die 
Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer Classical Global 
Note 
("CGN") 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN: The 
Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[(5)][([●])] Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen. 
 
[(5)][([●])] Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" 
means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: 
 
 
[(6)][([●])] 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
[die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in den 
Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden 
über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen 
 
[(6)][([●])] Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented 
by [the Temporary Global Note and] the 
Permanent Global Note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount

--- Page 64 ---
- 58 - 
 
führt) sind 
maßgeblicher Nachweis 
über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
[die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und ein zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung 
mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
of such customer’s interest in the Pfandbriefe) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented 
by [the Temporary Global Note and] the 
Permanent Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung eines Betrags oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
[die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch [die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
bezüglich 
[der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
und] 
der 
Dauerglobalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass, nach dieser 
Eintragung, vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch [die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde und] die Dauerglobalur-
kunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Pfandbriefe bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten 
Raten abgezogen wird. 
 
On any redemption or payment of an amount or 
interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation 
of, 
any 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
represented by [the Temporary Global Note and] 
the Permanent Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such redemption, payment 
or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of [the Temporary Global Note and] 
the Permanent Global Note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any 
such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by [the Temporary 
Global Note and] the Permanent Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
 
[Falls die Vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist: 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefen wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass 
die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN: On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs.]] 
 
 
[(7)][([●])] 
In 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System und (ii) 
[falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist: das Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 oder ein Nachfolgesystem 
(TARGET) geöffnet ist] [falls die festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren] Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
 
[(7)][([●])] In these Conditions, "Business Day" 
means a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System, and (ii) [if the Specified 
Currency 
is 
Euro: 
the 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 or any successor system 
thereto (TARGET) is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [all relevant 
financial centres] settle payments.] 
 
 
§ 2  
STATUS 
 
§ 2 
STATUS 
 
 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach 
Maßgabe des deutschen Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt 
und stehen mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen 
anderen nicht nachrangigegen Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin aus Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe 
are covered in accordance with the German 
Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank at 
least pari passu with all other obligations of the 
Issuer 
under 
Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefe).

--- Page 65 ---
- 59 - 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
[(A) Bei festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen: 
 
[(A) In the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe: 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Pfandbriefe 
werden in Höhe ihres Gesamtnennbetrages verzinst, 
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die keine Stufenzins-
Pfandbriefe 
sind: 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 6 (1) 
definiert 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 4) (ausschließlich) 
mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %.][Im Fall von Stufenzins-
Pfandbriefen: und zwar in Bezug auf die unten 
angegebenen Perioden zu den unten angegebenen 
Zinssätzen: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
[in 
case 
of 
Pfandbriefe other than Step-up or Step-down 
Pfandbriefe: at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 6 (1) and subject 
to a deferral of maturity pursuant to § 4). [in case 
of step-up or step-down Pfandbriefe: at the 
rates and for the periods set out below: 
 
 
Perioden / dazugehörige Zinssätze] 
 
Periods / relating Interest Rates] 
 
 
Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] 
eines jeden Jahres, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung 
gemäß § 5 (5) und/oder einer Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
gemäß § 4, zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag]) vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung 
gemäß § 5 (5) [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag 
nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist: 
und 
beläuft 
sich 
auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag pro festgelegte Stückelung] je 
Pfandbrief 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung]]. [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein 
Festzinstermin ist: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom 
[den letzten dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich), vorbehaltlich einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 4, belaufen sich auf 
[abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
pro 
festgelegte Stückelung] je Pfandbrief im Nennbetrag 
von [festgelegte Stückelung]]. [Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA): 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein 
"Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr]]. 
 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"), subject to 
adjustment in accordance with § 5 (5) and/or a 
deferral of maturity pursuant to § 4. The first 
payment of interest shall, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with § 5 (5), be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date] [if First Interest 
Payment Date is not first anniversary of 
Interest Commencement Date: and will amount 
to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Pfandbrief in a denomination 
of [Specified Denomination]]. [If the Maturity 
Date is not a Fixed Interest Date: Interest in 
respect of the period from [Fixed Interest Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the 
Maturity Date (exclusive) subject to a deferral of 
maturity pursuant to § 4, will amount to [Final 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Pfandbrief in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination]]. [If Actual/Actual (ICMA): 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calender year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[number of regular interest payment dates per 
calender year]]. 
 
 
(2) Zinslauf. Der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe endet an 
dem Tag, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Pfandbriefe bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, endet die 
Verzinsung des ausstehenden Nennbetrages der 
Pfandbriefe nicht am Tag der Fälligkeit, sondern erst 
an dem Tag, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
vorangeht. 
Der 
maßgebliche Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen*. 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe shall 
cease to bear interest from the date preceding 
their due date for redemption. If the Issuer shall 
fail to redeem the Pfandbriefe when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe 
beyond the due date until the date preceding the 
date of actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe. 
The applicable rate of interest will be the 
default rate of interest established by law*. 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 
Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 
288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB).

--- Page 66 ---
- 60 - 
 
(3) Unterjährige Berechnung der Zinsen. Sofern 
Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr 
zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert).] 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a 
period of less than a full year, such interest 
shall be calculated on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below).] 
 
 
[(B) Bei variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen: 
[(B) In the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe: 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(a) 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
in 
Höhe 
ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrags ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die Pfandbriefe 
sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
(a) The Pfandbriefe bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (inclusive) (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to the first Interest 
Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from 
each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) to the 
next following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). 
Interest on the Pfandbriefe shall be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet, vorbehaltlich einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 4 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means, subject to a 
deferral of maturity pursuant to § 4, 
 
 
[(i) im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen: 
jeder [festlegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
[(i) in the case of Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
 
 
[(ii) im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden: (soweit 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [●] 
Monat[e] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
liegt, oder im Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstages, 
nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
 
[(ii) in the case of Specified Interest Periods: 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in 
these Terms and Conditions) falls [●] month[s] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 
(c) Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf 
ein Pfandbrief auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, 
dann 
 
(c) If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Pfandbrief is not a Payment 
Business Day then 
 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention: hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden 
Zahltag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall erfolgt 
die 
Zahlung 
am 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Zahltag.] 
 
[if 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention: the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next Payment Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the payment shall be made 
on the immediately preceding Payment Business 
Day.] 
 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention: hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall (i) erfolgt die Zahlung am unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zahltag und (ii) ist der jeweils 
unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils 
letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [[Zahl] Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte 
Zeiträume] 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
 
[if FRN Convention: the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Payment Business Day and (ii) the 
respective immediately following subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Payment 
Business Day in the month which falls [[number] 
months] [other specified periods] after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-Konvention: 
hat 
der 
Gläubiger 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung 
am 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Zahltag.] 
 
[if Preceeding Business Day Convention: the 
Holder shall be entitled to payment on the 
immediately preceeding Payment Business Day.]

--- Page 67 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
 
Falls eine Zinszahlung, wie oben beschrieben, 
[vorgezogen] [oder] [verschoben] wird, wird der 
Zinsbetrag [nicht] [falls Zinsen angepasst werden: 
entsprechend sowie der Zinszahlungstag] angepasst. 
 
If a payment of interest is [brought forward] [or] 
[postponed] as described above, the amount of 
interest shall [not] be adjusted accordingly [If an 
adjustment of interest applies: and the Interest 
Payment Date shall be adjusted]. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend 
nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
Referenzzinsatz, der entweder: 
 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will be 
the Reference Interest Rate, except as provided 
below, which is either: 
 
 
 
(a) der [●] Monats-EURIBOR®- Angebotssatz (wenn 
nur ein Angebotssatz auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) angezeigt ist), oder 
 
(a) the [●] months-EURIBOR® offered quotation 
(if there is only one quotation on the Screen Page 
(as defined below)); or 
 
 
 
(b) das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der 
Angebotssätze, 
 
(b) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations, 
 
 
 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, der bzw. die auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen 
11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt werden [im 
Fall einer Marge: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for that 
Interest Period which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) [in the case of Margin: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich.) 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] [dritten] [vierten] Geschäftstag vor Beginn 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] 
[second] [third] [fourth] Business Day prior to 
the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge: Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % 
per annum.]  
 
[In the case of Margin: "Margin" means [●] per 
cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Reuters Seite [●]] 
[Bloomberg Seite [●]] oder jeden Nachfolger dieser 
Seite.  
 
"Screen Page" means [Reuters page [●]] 
[Bloomberg page [●]] or any successor of such 
page. 
 
 
 
Wenn auf der maßgeblichen Bildschirmseite fünf 
oder mehr Angebotssätze angezeigt werden, werden 
der höchste (falls mehr als ein solcher Höchstsatz 
angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser Sätze) und der 
niedrigste (falls mehr als ein solcher Niedrigstsatz 
angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser Sätze) von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
arithmetischen Mittels der Angebotssätze (das wie 
vorstehend beschrieben auf- oder abgerundet wird) 
außer Acht gelassen; diese Regel gilt entsprechend für 
diesen gesamten Absatz (2). 
 
If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest rate, only one 
of such rates) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest rate, only one of such rates) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations and this rule shall apply throughout 
this paragraph (2).

--- Page 68 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
 
(c) Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird im Fall von (a) kein 
Angebotssatz, oder werden im Fall von (b) weniger 
als drei Angebotssätze angezeigt (dort jeweils zur 
genannten Zeit), ist der Zinssatz der Angebotssatz 
bzw. das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf 
der Bildschirmseite am letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz bzw. 
das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze angezeigt 
wurde.  
 
(c) If the Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of (a) above, no such quotation appears or, 
in the case of (b) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such 
time, the Interest Rate shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations, as the case may be, on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotation or 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, as 
the case may be, was offered. 
 
 
 
Wenn (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder Information 
der zuständigen Behörde des Administrators des 
Referenzzinssatzes veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht mehr repräsentativ oder kein 
branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel wie die 
Pfandbriefe oder vergleichbare Instrumente mehr ist 
oder dies an einem bestimmten künftigen Zeitpunkt 
nicht mehr sein wird, (ii) der Administrator des 
Referenzzinssatzes eine Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht, dass eine wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode zur Berechnung des Referenzzinssatzes 
eingetreten ist oder innerhalb eines bestimmten 
Zeitraums eintreten wird, vorausgesetzt, dass (falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum verstrichen ist, (iii) eine 
öffentliche Erklärung oder Information veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
wonach 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes mit der geordneten Abwicklung 
des Referenzzinssatzes beginnt oder die Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern 
es zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung der Erklärung 
oder Information keinen Nacholgeadministrator gibt, 
der den Referenzzinssatz weiter bereitstellen wird, 
(iv) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden 
eingeleitet wurde, oder (v) die für den Administrator 
des Referenzzinssatzes zuständige Behörde die 
Zulassung gemäß Artikel 35 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") oder die 
Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder 
die Einstellung der Übernahme gemäß Artikel 33 
Abs. 6 der Benchmark-Verordnung verlangt, sofern 
es zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder der Aussetzung 
oder 
der 
Einstellung 
der 
Übernahme 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
gibt, 
der 
den 
Referenzzinssatz weiterhin bereitstellt, und der 
Administrator mit der geordneten Abwicklung des 
Referenzzinssatzes beginnt oder die Bereitstellung 
des Referenzzinssatzes oder bestimmter Laufzeiten, 
für die der Referenzzinssatz berechnet wird, endgültig 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (vi) der 
Referenzzinssatz anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es 
für die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus 
einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, den 
Referenzzinssatz zu verwenden ((i) bis (vi) jeweils 
 
If (i) a public statement or information by the 
competent authority of the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate has been published 
according to which the Reference Interest Rate 
has ceased to be or, as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative or an industry-
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as 
the Pfandbriefe, or comparable instruments, (ii) 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
publishes a statement or information that a 
material 
change 
in 
the 
methodology 
of 
calculating the Reference Interest Rate has 
occurred or will occur within a specified period, 
provided that (where applicable) such period of 
time has lapsed, (iii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
commences the orderly wind-down of the 
Reference Interest Rate or ceases the calculation 
and publication of the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the publication of such statement or 
information, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Reference 
Interest Rate, (iv) the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceedings (affecting the administrator) is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory authority, (v) the 
competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate withdraws or suspends 
the authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") or the recognition pursuant to 
Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or 
requires the cessation of the endorsement 
pursuant to Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, provided that, at the time of the 
withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of 
endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that continues to provide the Reference Interest 
Rate and the administrator commences the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Interest Rate 
or ceases to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
or certain maturities or certain currencies for 
which the Reference Interest Rate is calculated 
permanently or indefinitely; or (vi) the Reference 
Interest Rate is otherwise discontinued or it

--- Page 69 ---
- 63 - 
 
ein "Einstellungsereignis"), soll der Referenzzinssatz 
durch einen von der Berechnungsstelle wie folgt 
bestimmten Zinssatz ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz"): 
becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the Reference Interest 
Rate due to any other reason (each of the events 
in (i) through (vi) a "Discontinuation Event"), 
the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced with 
a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows (the "Successor Reference Interest 
Rate"): 
 
 
 
(I) Der Referenzzinssatz soll durch den Referenzsatz 
ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des 
Referenzzinssatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder 
eine 
Regulierungs- 
oder 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
als 
Nachfolge-Zinssatz für den Referenzzinssatz für die 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes bekannt gegeben 
wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher 
Nachfolge-Zinssatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
 
(I) The Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with the reference rate, which is announced by 
the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, 
the competent central bank or a regulatory or 
supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Interest Rate for the term of the 
Reference Interest Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a 
successor rate can not be determined) 
 
 
 
(II) der Referenzzinssatz soll, nach dem billigen und 
marktüblichen 
Ermessen 
des 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen, 
durch 
einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
geltendem 
Recht) 
als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung 
mit (dem Referenzzinssatz) vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
 
(II) the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with an alternative reference rate, which, subject 
to the reasonable and marketable discretion of the 
Independent Expert, is or will be commonly used 
(in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate notes in the respective currency; or (if such 
an alternative reference rate can not be 
determined) 
 
 
 
(III) der Referenzzinssatz soll durch einen Satz ersetzt 
werden, 
der 
von 
dem 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes 
und der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich 
vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
bestimmt wird. 
 
(III) the Reference Interest Rate shall be replaced 
with a rate, which is determined by the 
Independet Expert in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the 
Reference Interest Rate and the relevant currency 
in a commercially reasonable manner based on 
the general market interest levels in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
 
 
Der Unabhängige Sachverständige legt zudem fest, 
welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in 
Verbindung 
mit 
einem 
solchen 
Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
(die 
"Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes (der 
"maßgebliche Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf 
den Referenzzinssatz als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz und jede Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
bezieht 
sich 
vom 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
gelten 
entsprechend. 
Der 
Unabhängige 
Sachverständige 
informiert 
die 
Emittentin über solche Feststellungen. Die Emittentin 
informiert anschließend die Gläubiger der Pfandbriefe 
gemäß § 11. Der Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz findet 
ab dem ersten Tag der ersten Zinsperiode nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin entscheidet sich für die Rückzahlung der 
Pfandbriefe gemäß den nachfolgenden Bestimmungen 
 
The Independent Expert shall also determine 
which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such Successor Reference 
Interest Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). 
From the date of the determination of the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate (the "Relevant 
Date") any reference to the Reference Interest 
Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Interest Rate and any reference to the 
Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date 
on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen 
Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Expert 
will notify the Issuer about such determinations. 
The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders of 
the Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 11. The 
Successor Reference Interest Rate starts to apply 
from the first day of the first Interest Period 
following the Discontinuation Event unless the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Pfandbriefe in 
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph

--- Page 70 ---
- 64 - 
 
dieses Absatzes. 
below. 
 
 
 
[einfügen im Fall einer Anpassung durch den 
Unabhängigen Sachverständingen: Zusätzlich zu 
einer Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz kann der Unabhängige 
Sachverständige einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder 
Bruch oder Spanne (zu addieren oder zu subtrahieren) 
festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des 
Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags 
angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis 
zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt des 
Pfandbriefs vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses 
vereinbar ist und die Interessen der Emittentin und 
der Gläubiger berücksichtigt und wirtschaftlich 
gleichwertig für die Emittentin und die Gläubiger ist.] 
 
[insert in the case of an adjustment by the 
Independent Expert: Further and in addition to 
any replacement of the Reference Interest Rate 
with a Successor Reference Interest Rate the 
Independent Expert may specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction or spread (to be 
added or subtracted) which shall be applied in 
determining the Rate of Interest and calculating 
the Interest Amount, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance 
of 
the 
Pfandbrief 
before 
the 
Discontinuation Event occurred, and which shall 
take into account the interests of the Issuer and 
the Holders and shall be an economic equivalent 
for the Issuer and the Holders.] 
 
 
 
[Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und ein 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß der oben 
genannten Punkte (I) oder (II) bestimmt werden kann, 
kann die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe vollständig, aber 
nicht teilweise kündigen und zurückzahlen. Die 
Kündigung wird den Gläubigern der Pfandbriefe von 
der Emittentin gemäß § 11 mitgeteilt. In dieser 
Mitteilung muss enthalten sein: 
 
[If a Discontinuation Event occurs and a 
Successor Reference Interest Rate can not be 
determined pursuant to (I) or (II) above, the 
Issuer may redeem the Pfandbriefe in whole but 
not in part. Notice of such redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 11. Such notice 
shall specify: 
 
 
 
(i) die Serie der Pfandbriefe, die von der Kündigung 
betroffen sind; und 
 
(i) the 
Series 
of 
Pfandbriefe 
subject 
to 
redemption; and 
(ii) das Rückzahlungsdatum, welches [ein Tag der 
nicht später als der zweite Zinszahlungstag nach 
dem Einstellungsereignis] [und] nicht weniger als 
[Mindestmitteilung an die Inhaber einfügen] 
oder mehr als [Maximalmitteilung an die 
Inhaber einfügen] [Tage] [Geschäftstage] nach 
dem Datum sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung der 
Emittentin an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist. 
 
(ii) the redemption date, which shall be [a date 
not later than the second Interest Payment 
Date following the Discontinuation Event] 
[and] not less than [insert Minimum Notice 
to 
Holders] 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice to Holders] [days] 
[Business Days] after the date on which 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
 
 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der 
Pfandbriefe entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem 
ersten Zinszahlungstag nach dem Einstellungsereignis 
bis zum Rückzahlungsdatum [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der 
Angebotssätze 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite, 
wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze 
angezeigt wurden [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, 
falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge 
als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für 
die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer 
Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzzinssatzes 
gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen 
die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die Marge 
verringert.] [●] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 
0 (Null).] 
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Pfandbriefe the 
Rate of Interest applicable from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event until the redemption date shall be [the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the 
last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations were offered [in 
the case of Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
[in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In 
case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, 
the Margin will be applied against such 
quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] 
[●] The Rate of Interest will never be less than 0 
(zero).]

--- Page 71 ---
- 65 - 
 
"Unabhängiger Sachverständiger" bezeichnet eine 
unabhängige international anerkannte Bank oder 
einen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit einschlägiger 
Expertise, die bzw. der von der Emittentin auf eigene 
Kosten bestellt wird, es sei denn die Emittentin selbst 
fungiert als Unabhängiger Sachverständiger. 
 
"Independent Expert" means an independent 
bank of international standing or an independent 
financial 
advisor 
with 
relevant 
expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense unless 
the Issuer acts as Independent Expert. 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt: 
 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies: 
 
 
 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt: Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt: Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies: If the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
 
 
[(4)][([●])] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Pfandbriefe 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegten 
Stückelungen 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag 
wird 
ermittelt, 
indem 
der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf die 
festgelegten Stückelungen angewendet werden, wobei 
der resultierende Betrag [falls die festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist: auf den nächsten Euro 0,01 auf- 
oder abgerundet wird, wobei Euro 0,005 aufgerundet 
werden] [falls die festgelegte Währung nicht 
Euro ist: auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden]. 
 
[(4)][([●])] Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
date at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Pfandbriefe 
in respect of the Specified Denominations for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to the Specified Denominations and 
rounding the resulting figure [if the Specified 
Currency is Euro: to the nearest Euro 0.01, 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards] [if the 
Specified Currency is not Euro: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards]. 
 
 
 
[(5)][([●])] Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
und 
der 
relevante 
Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle 
und den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung 
jeweils folgenden [falls die Berechnungsstelle eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
an 
einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
zu 
unterhalten 
hat: 
Geschäftstag, der ein Geschäftstag am Ort der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Berechnungsstelle 
ist,] [falls die Berechnungsstelle keine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu 
unterhalten hat: Geschäftstag] und jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die 
Börse verlangen, umgehend, aber keinesfalls später 
als dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
[(5)][([●])] Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth [if Calculation Agent is required to 
maintain a Specific Office in a Required 
Location: Business Day which is a Business Day 
at the place of the Specified Office of the 
Calculation Agent] [if Calculation Agent is not 
required to maintain a Specific Office in a 
Required Location: Business Day] thereafter 
and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Pfandbriefe are from time 
to time listed, to such stock exchange, as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event

--- Page 72 ---
- 66 - 
 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. 
Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, 
an denen die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 11 mitgeteilt. 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the 
Pfandbriefe are then listed and to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
 
 
[(6)][([●])] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen 
oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger 
bindend. 
 
[(6)][([●])] 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
 
 
[(7)][([●])] Zinslauf. Der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe 
endet an dem Tag, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie 
zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Pfandbriefe bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, endet die 
Verzinsung des ausstehenden Nennbetrages der 
Pfandbriefe nicht am Tag der Fälligkeit, sondern erst 
an dem Tag, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
vorangeht. 
Der 
maßgebliche Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen*.]  
 
[(7)][([●])] Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe 
shall cease to bear interest from the date 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer shall fail to redeem the Pfandbriefe when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe 
beyond the due date until the date preceding the 
date of actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe. The 
applicable Rate of Interest will be the default rate 
of interest established by law*.] 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 
Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, 
§§ 288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB). 
 
 
[(C) 
Bei 
Pfandbriefen 
ohne 
periodische 
Zinszahlungen bzw. Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen: 
 
[(C) In the case of Pfandbriefe without 
periodic interest payments or Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe: 
 
 
 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es werden 
keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe 
geleistet. 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
 
(2) Zinslauf. Falls die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung des 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags der Pfandbriefe vom Tag 
der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satzes für Verzugszinsen*.] 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Pfandbriefe when due, interest on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe 
accrues from, and including, the due date to, but 
excluding, the date of the actual redemption of 
the Pfandbriefe at the default rate of interest 
established by law*.] 
 
 
 
*  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf 
Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 
Abs. 1 BGB. 
* The default rate of interest established by law is five 
percentage points above the basic rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, 
§§ 288 para. 1, 247 para. 1 German Civil Code (BGB). 
 
 
 
[(8)][([●])] 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrages 
auf 
einen 
Pfandbrief 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[(8)][([●])] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any 
period of time (the "Calculation Period"):

--- Page 73 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual: 
 
[if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual: 
 
 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, und 
(B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 365).] 
 
The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen und 
Actual/Actual (ICMA): 
 
[In case of fixed rate Pfandbriefe and if 
Actual/Actual (ICMA): 
(i) wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich des 
letzten Tages dieser Periode) kürzer ist als die 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt 
oder 
ihr 
entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich des 
letzten Tages dieser Periode) geteilt durch das 
Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 (1) angegeben) in 
einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
(i) if 
the 
Calculation 
Period 
(from, 
and 
including, the first day of such period, but 
excluding, the last) is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days 
in such Calculation Period (from, and 
including, the first day of such period, but 
excluding, the last) divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
 
 
(ii) wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich des 
letzten Tages dieser Periode) länger ist als die 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, die Summe (A) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
den 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch 
das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 (1) angegeben) in 
einem Kalenderjahr und (B) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch 
das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 (1) angegeben) in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
(ii) if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: (A) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) 
and (B) the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) 
that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist die Periode ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) bis 
zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich 
desselben).] 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date.] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed): die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed): the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/360: die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
[if Actual/360: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.]

--- Page 74 ---
- 68 - 
 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf 
der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, 
(A) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem 
Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis: the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 
31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the last day of 
the month February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis: die 
Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf 
der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 
Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, 
dass im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden 
Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat 
Februar als nicht auf einen Monat zu 30 Tagen 
verlängert gilt).] 
 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis: the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last 
day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the Final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date 
is the last day of the month of February. In which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month).] 
 
 
 
§ 4 
 
§ 4 
FÄLLIGKEITSVERSCHIEBUNG 
 
DEFERRAL OF MATURITY 
 
 
 
(1) 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung. Wird aufgrund der 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens oder vor der 
Eröffnung 
eines 
Insolvenzverfahrens 
über 
das 
Vermögen der Emittentin ein Sachwalter für die dann 
zu verwaltende Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
gemäß 
dem 
Pfandbriefgesetz 
bestellt, so ist dieser bei Vorliegen der gesetzlichen 
Voraussetzungen für eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
berechtigt, (i) die Fälligkeit für die Rückzahlung der 
Pfandbriefe vollständig oder teilweise um bis zu 
zwölf 
Monate 
zu 
verschieben 
und 
(ii) 
den 
Fälligkeitstag für Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb eines 
Monats nach seiner Ernennung fällig werden, auf das 
Ende dieses Monatszeitraums zu verschieben. 
 
(1) Deferral of Maturity. If, as a result of the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings or 
prior to the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the assets of the Issuer, 
an administrator (Sachwalter) is appointed for the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities 
(beschränkte Geschäftstätigkeit) then to be 
managed pursuant to the Pfandbrief Act, such 
administrator (Sachwalter) shall, if the statutory 
requirements for a deferral of maturity are met, 
be entitled, (i) to postpone the maturity date for 
the redemption of the Pfandbriefe in whole or in 
part for up to twelve months; and (ii) to postpone 
the due date for interest payments falling due 
within one month after its appointment to the end 
of that monthly period. 
 
 
 
(2) Der Sachwalter darf eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
nur 
vornehmen, 
sofern 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
 
(2) The administrator (Sachwalter) may only 
defer the maturity if, at the time of the deferral, 
 
 
 
(a) diese 
erforderlich 
ist, 
um 
die 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit der Pfandbriefbank 
mit beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit zu 
vermeiden, 
 
(a) it is necessary in order to avoid the 
insolvency of the Pfandbriefbank with 
limited business activities (beschränkte 
Geschäftstätigkeit), 
 
 
 
(b) die Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit nicht überschuldet ist 
und 
 
(b) the 
Pfandbriefbank 
with 
limited 
business 
activities 
(beschränkte 
Geschäftstätigkeit) is not overindebted; 
and

--- Page 75 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
 
(c) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, dass die 
Pfandbriefbank 
mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit jedenfalls nach Ablauf 
des 
größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten ihre dann 
fälligen Verbindlichkeiten erfüllen kann. 
 
(c) there is reason to believe that the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activities 
(beschränkte 
Geschäftstätigkeit) will in any event be 
able to meet its liabilities then due after 
expiry of the maximum possible deferral 
period, taking into account further 
options for deferral. 
 
 
 
Für eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung, die den Zeitraum 
von einem Monat nach Ernennung des Sachwalters 
nicht überschreitet, wird das Vorliegen dieser 
Voraussetzungen unwiderlegbar vermutet. 
 
For a deferral of maturity which does not exceed 
the period of one month after the appointment of 
the administrator (Sachwalter), these conditions 
shall be deemed to be irrefutably fulfilled. 
 
 
 
(3) Jede Fälligkeitsverschiebung ist vom Sachwalter 
entsprechend der Regelungen des Pfandbriefgesetzes 
gemäß § 11 zu veröffentlichen. Jede Form der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung kann nur einheitlich für die 
gesamte Serie dieser Pfandbriefe erfolgen. 
 
(3) Any deferral of maturity shall be published by 
the administrator (Sachwalter) in accordance 
with the provisions of the Pfandbrief Act 
pursuant to § 11. Any form of deferral of 
maturity may only be made consistently for the 
entire series of such Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
 
(4) Die verschobenen Zahlungen sind für die Dauer 
der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zur 
Verschiebung geltenden Anleihebedingungen zu 
verzinsen. Verschobene Zinszahlungen gelten für 
diese Zwecke als Kapitalbeträge. 
 
(4) The deferred payments shall bear interest for 
the duration of the deferral in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions applicable prior to the 
deferral. Deferred Interest Payments shall be 
deemed to be principal amounts for these 
purposes. 
 
 
 
§ 5 
 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
 
(1) [(a)] Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen von 
Kapital auf die Pfandbriefe erfolgen nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von 
Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Pfandbriefe zum 
Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
(1) [(a)] Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be 
made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in 
the case of partial payment) surrender of the 
Global Note representing the Pfandbriefe at the 
time of payment at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
Pfandbriefen, 
die 
keine 
Nullkupon-
Pfandbriefe sind: 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Zero 
Coupon Pfandbriefe: 
 
 
 
(b) Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Pfandbriefe erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) 
an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to paragraph 
(2), to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Pfandbriefe, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) 
an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b).]] 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note: Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to paragraph (2), to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1 
(3) (b).]] 
 
 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable

--- Page 76 ---
- 70 - 
 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Pfandbriefe in der frei handelbaren und 
konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden 
Fälligkeitstag 
die 
Währung 
des 
Staates 
der 
festgelegten Währung ist. 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall 
be made in the freely negotiable and convertible 
currency which on the respective due date is the 
currency of the country of the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 (3) 
und des Absatzes (1) dieses § 5 bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and 
paragraph (1) of this § 5, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and 
its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf einen Pfandbrief auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger [Im Falle von 
variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen: vorbehaltlich § 3 
Absatz 1(c),] keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any 
Pfandbrief is not a Payment Business Day then 
[In the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe: subject 
to § 3(1)(c)] the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearing System und (ii) [falls die festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren]] Zahlungen abwickeln [falls die 
festgelegte Währung Euro ist: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 oder ein Nachfolgesystem 
(TARGET) geöffnet ist]. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the 
Clearing System, and (ii) [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [all relevant 
financial centres]] settle payments [if the 
Specified Currency is Euro: the Trans-
European 
Automated 
Real-Time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 or any 
successor system thereto (TARGET) is open]. 
 
 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe; [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Pfandbriefe vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Pfandbriefe;] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen: 
den 
Amortisationsbetrag der Pfandbriefe;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Pfandbriefe zahlbaren Beträge.] 
 
(6) References to Principal. Reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Pfandbriefe shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Pfandbriefe; [if redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Pfandbriefe;] [in the case of Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe: the Amortised Face Amount of the 
Pfandbriefe;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Pfandbriefe.] 
 
 
 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt 
am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, 
die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
gemäß § 4) beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the Amtsgericht in Frankfurt 
am Main principal or interest not claimed by 
Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date (taking into account a deferral of maturity 
pursuant to § 4), even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and 
to the extent that the deposit is effected and the

--- Page 77 ---
- 71 - 
 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
right of withdrawal is waived, the respective 
claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
 
 
§ 6 
 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
 
 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die Pfandbriefe zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Im 
Fall 
eines 
festgelegten 
Tages 
Datum 
des 
Fälligkeitstags 
einfügen] 
[Im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats: 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" pro Pfandbrief entspricht 
[falls die Pfandbriefe zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt werden: der festgelegten Stückelung] 
[ansonsten 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
pro 
festgelegter Stückelung, der nicht weniger als 100 
% des vom Investor investierten Kapitals sein 
darf]. 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount 
on [in the case of a specified date insert 
Maturity Date] [in the case of a Redemption 
Month: the Interest Payment Date falling in 
[Redemption Month]] (the "Maturity Date") 
subject to a deferral of maturity pursuant to § 4. 
The 
"Final 
Redemption 
Amount" 
per 
Pfandbrief shall be [if the Pfandbriefe are 
redeemed at their principal amount: the 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[otherwise 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination which may not be less than 100 
per cent. of the principal invested by an 
investor]. 
 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Pfandbriefe vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[If 
Pfandbriefe 
are 
subject 
to 
Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
[(2)][([●])] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
 
[(2)][([●])] [Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer. 
 
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz 
(b) gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe [insgesamt oder 
teilweise] [insgesamt, aber nicht teilweise] am/an den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen (Call) (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen] zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung 
eines Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines 
maximalen Rückzahlungsbetrages: Eine solche 
Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages von 
[mindestens 
[Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag]] 
[maximalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem [all or 
some only] [all but not some only] of the 
Pfandbriefe on the Call Redemption Date[s] at 
the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Call Redemption Date. [If 
Minimum Redemption Amount or Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
applies: 
Any 
such 
redemption must be of a principal amount equal 
to [at least [[Minimum Redemption Amount]] 
[Maximum Redemption Amount].] 
 
 
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call)" 
bezeichnet 
[Daten] 
 
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means [date(s)]. 
 
 
 
[Bei 
Pfandbriefen 
(außer 
Nullkupon-
Pfandbriefen): 
Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)" 
eines 
Pfandbriefs 
entspricht 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag.]] 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Zero 
Coupon Pfandbriefe: The "Call Redemption 
Amount" of a Pfandbrief shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount.]] 
 
 
 
[Bei Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen): 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe: 
(a) Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" eines 
Pfandbriefs entspricht der Summe aus: 
 
(a) The "Call Redemption Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis") und  
 
(i) [Reference Price] (the "Reference Price") 
and 
 
 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite] (jährlich 
 
(ii) the 
product 
of 
[Amortisation 
Yield]

--- Page 78 ---
- 72 - 
 
kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis ab dem (und 
einschließlich) [Tag der Begebung] bis zu (aber 
ausschließlich) 
dem 
vorgesehenen 
Rückzahlungstag oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an 
dem die Pfandbriefe fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden. 
(compounded annually) and the Reference 
Price from (and including) [Issue Date] to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
the Pfandbriefe become due and payable. 
 
 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht 
vollen Jahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, hat sie im 
Falle 
des 
nicht 
vollständigen 
Jahres 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 definiert) 
zu erfolgen. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period 
which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a 
full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in § 3). 
 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Pfandbriefe 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als fünf 
Tagen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11 bekannt zu 
geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in 
accordance with § 11 upon not less than five 
days’ prior notice. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Pfandbriefen; 
 
(i) the Series of Pfandbriefe subject to 
redemption; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie [ganz oder 
teilweise] [ganz aber nicht teilweise] zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden Pfandbriefe; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed [in 
whole or in part only] [in whole but not in part 
only] and, if in part only, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber 
den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the 
date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem 
Pfandbriefe zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Pfandbriefe are to be redeemed. 
 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Pfandbriefe nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden Pfandbriefe 
nach den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems 
ausgewählt (was in freiem Ermessen von Euroclear 
und CBL in deren Aufzeichnungen als Pool-Faktor 
oder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrages reflektiert 
wird).] 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of 
Pfandbriefe, Pfandbriefe to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and CBL as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion).] 
 
 
 
§ 7 
 
§ 7 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND] [,] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLEN [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING 
AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] und deren 
anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie 
folgt: 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent[,] [and] Paying Agent[s] [and the 
Calculation Agent] and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
 
 
 
[Emissionsstelle: 
 
[Fiscal Agent:  
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England]  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England]

--- Page 79 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[Paying Agent[s]:  
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
 
 
[andere Zahlstellen und bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen] 
 
[other Paying Agents and specified offices] 
 
 
 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
 
[Calculation Agent: 
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch  
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the Paying Agent[s] 
[and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office. 
 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle 
[oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird 
jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [,] [und] 
(ii) eine Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
einer 
kontinentaleuropäischen Stadt unterhalten] [im Fall 
von Pfandbriefen, die an einer Börse notiert 
sind:[,] [und] [(iii)] solange die Pfandbriefe an der 
[Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die 
die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] und/oder an 
solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln 
dieser Börse verlangen] 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent[,] [and] (ii) a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office 
in a continental European city] [in the case of 
Pfandbriefe listed on a stock exchange: [,] 
[and] [(iii)] so long as the Pfandbriefe are listed 
on the [name of Stock Exchange], a Paying 
Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a 
specified office in [location of Stock Exchange] 
and/or in such other place as may be required by 
the rules of such stock exchange] 
 
 
 
[im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar: [,] [und] 
[(iv)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 (3) definiert) aufgrund 
der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York City unterhalten] [falls eine Berechnungsstelle 
bestellt 
werden 
soll: 
[,] 
[und] 
[(v)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle [falls die Berechnungsstelle eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
an 
einem 
vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat: mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen 
Ort]] unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
 
[in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: [,] 
[and] [(iv)] if payments at or through the offices 
of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 5 (3) hereof) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City] [if any Calculation 
Agent is to be appointed: [,] [and] [(v)] a 
Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is 
required to maintain a Specified Office in a 
Required Location: with a specified office 
located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice

--- Page 80 ---
- 74 - 
 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle[,] 
[und] die Zahlstelle[n] [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin 
und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] 
[and] the Paying Agent[s] [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not have any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust to any Holder. 
 
 
 
§ 8  
STEUERN 
 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge 
sind an der Quelle ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art 
zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder 
für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde derselben an der Quelle auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben.  
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made at source without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or deduction at 
source by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
 
 
 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch 
bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years 
for the Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE,  
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe3. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags 
der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Pfandbriefen eine einheitliche Serie bilden.  
 
 
(1) Further Issues2. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Pfandbriefe having the same terms and 
conditions as the Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Pfandbriefe.  
(2) Ankauf. Vorbehaltlich Beschränkungen gemäß 
einschlägiger Gesetze und Verordnungen ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, Pfandbriefe im Markt oder 
 
(2) Purchases. Subject to restrictions by 
applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer may at 
any time purchase Pfandbriefe in the open market 
                                                     
3 
Falls die Emittentin weitere Pfandbriefeam oder nach dem Stichtag infolge einer Wiederaunahme einer Serie von Pfandbriefen, die am 
oder vor dem Stichtag begründet wurde, begründet und begibt, unterliegen diese weiteren Pfandbriefe einem Einbehalt gemäß FATCA 
und, sollten die Pfandbriefe der Serie, die am oder vor dem Stichtag begründet wurde und die weiteren Pfandbriefe nicht zu 
unterscheiden sein, können die Pfandbriefe der Serie, die am oder vor dem Stichtag begründet wurde, einem Einbehalt gemäß FATCA 
unterliegen. 
 
If the Issuer creates and issues further Notes on or after the grandfathering date pursuant to a reopening of a Series of Pfandbriefe that 
was created on or before the grandfathering date, such further Pfandbriefe will be subject to withholding under FATCA and, should 
the Pfandbriefe under the Series that was created on or before the grandfathering date and the further Pfandbriefe be indistinguishable, 
such Pfandbriefe under the Series that was created on or before the grandfathering date may become subject to withholding under 
FATCA.

--- Page 81 ---
- 75 - 
 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die 
von der Emittentin erworbenen Pfandbriefe können 
nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe 
durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
or otherwise and at any price. Pfandbriefe 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal 
Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders for such Pfandbriefe must be 
made available to all Holders of such Pfandbriefe 
alike. 
 
 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten Pfandbriefe sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Pfandbriefe redeemed in 
full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
 
 
 
§ 11 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
 
 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden 
Börse nicht möglich ist: 
 
[If notices may not be given by means of 
electronic publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange: 
 
 
 
[(1)] 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich, im Bundesanzeiger [sowie, soweit 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich, 
in 
einer 
führenden 
Tageszeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
[Luxemburg] 
[anderen 
Ort], 
voraussichtlich 
[Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [die Financial 
Times] 
[andere 
Zeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung] in deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
zu veröffentlichen]. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
[(1)] Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall be published, to the extent 
legally 
required, 
in 
the 
federal 
gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and, to the extent legally 
required, in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in [Luxembourg] [other 
location]. These newspapers are expected to be 
the [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [Financial 
Times] [other applicable newspaper having 
general circulation] in the German or English 
language]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication).] 
 
 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden 
Börse möglich ist: 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange: 
 
 
 
[(1)] 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich, im Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder 
englischer Sprache zu veröffentlichen und erfolgen 
durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
[Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu)] [[betreffende 
Börse] (www.[Internetadresse])]. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach der 
ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
[(1)] Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall be published, to the extent 
legally 
required, 
in 
the 
federal 
gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) in the German or English 
language will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] 
[[relevant stock exchange] (www.[internet 
address])]. Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the third day of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, 
on the third day following the date of the first 
such publication).] 
 
 
 
[(2) Mitteilung an das Clearing System. 
 
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
 
 
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die nicht notiert sind: 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
 
[in the case of Pfandbriefe which are unlisted: 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given to the Holders on the

--- Page 82 ---
- 76 - 
 
Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.] 
seventh day after the day on which said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die 
an 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
notiert 
sind: 
Solange 
Pfandbriefe an der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
findet 
Absatz 
(1) 
Anwendung. 
Soweit 
dies 
Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.] 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange: So long as 
any Pfandbriefe are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, paragraph (1) shall apply. In the 
case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, 
if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant 
notice to the Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders in lieu of 
publication in the newspapers set forth in 
paragraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was validly given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die an einer anderen 
Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind: Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger zu 
ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, an 
der die Pfandbriefe notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.]] 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on 
a Stock Exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange: The Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in paragraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders, provided that the rules of 
the stock exchange on which Pfandbriefe are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which said notice was validly given to the 
Clearing System.]] 
 
 
 
§ 12 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
§ 12 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe as to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, are governed by German 
law. 
 
 
 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Mönchengladbach.   
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Mönchengladbach. 
 
 
 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Soweit zulässig, ist für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") das Landgericht Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
nicht-ausschließlich 
zuständig. 
Die 
deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich zuständig für 
die Kraftloserklärung abhanden gekommener oder 
vernichteter Pfandbriefe. 
 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. As far as legally 
allowed, the District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Pfandbriefe. The German 
courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over lost 
or destroyed Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Pfandbriefen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Pfandbriefen im eigenen 
Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend zu 
machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Pfandbriefe ein 
 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may 
in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, in his own 
name enforce his rights arising under such 
Pfandbriefe on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and address

--- Page 83 ---
- 77 - 
 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche 
(a) 
den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind 
und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing 
System 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; oder (ii) er legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Pfandbriefe 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing System 
oder des Verwahrers des Clearing System bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder 
der die Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in 
einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" 
jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Pfandbriefe unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Pfandbriefen auch auf 
jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land, in dem der Rechtsstreit eingeleitet wird, 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
or (ii) a copy of the Pfandbrief in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depositary of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the 
Pfandbriefe. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Pfandbriefe and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice of the forgoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under the Pfandbriefe also in any other 
way which is permitted in the country in which 
the proceedings are initiated. 
 
 
 
§ 13 
SPRACHE 
 
§ 13 
LANGUAGE 
 
 
 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
[deutscher] 
[englischer] Sprache abgefasst. [Eine Übersetzung in 
die [deutsche] [englische] Sprache ist beigefügt. Der 
[deutsche] 
[englische] 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die [deutsche] 
[englische] Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
[German] [English] language. [[A German] [An 
English] language translation has been appended. 
The [German] [English] text shall be prevailing 
and binding. The [German] [English] language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 84 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
Part D.III. of the Base Prospectus 
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.1] 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR - Die Instrumente sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") angeboten, verkauft oder 
auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Instrumente sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden 
Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), der nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist. Folglich 
wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 ("PRIIPs Verordnung") für 
Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Instrumente an Privatinvestoren im EWR 
erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung von Instrumenten an Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung 
unzulässig sein.1] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
Instrumente sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") 
angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Instrumente sollen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im UK nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der 
folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 von 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil 
des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) oder ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and 
Markets Acts 2000 in der jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") und im Sinne der Regeln und Regularien, die 
nach dem FSMA zur Umsetzung von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU erlassen worden sind, der nicht als 
                                                     
1 To be inserted if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
Einzufügen falls die Schuldverschreibungen „packaged“ Produkte darstellen.

--- Page 85 ---
- 79 - 
 
professioneller Anleger wie in Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der nicht als 
qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, die aufgrund des EUWA 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK Prospektverordnung") einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein 
Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPS Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Instrumente an Privatinvestoren erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend 
könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Instrumente an 
Privatinvestoren im UK nach der UK PRIIPS Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is 
eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients] [●], each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the [Instruments] are 
appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]][(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the [Instruments] to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details on target market, client 
categories etc.] [Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Instrumente hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt 
für die Instrumente geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils im 
Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; [und] [(ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Instrumente angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]][(ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Investoren angemessen sind; und (iii) die 
folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der [Instrumente] an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[, 
/und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdiensleistungen 
][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Instrumente anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Instrumente durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere Details bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorie etc. einfügen] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
[Pfandbriefe][Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") [and retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the

--- Page 86 ---
- 80 - 
 
Instruments are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert 
further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN] 
[UND] 
[ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Instrumente hat – ausschließlich für 
den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass 
(i) der Zielmarkt für die Instrumente geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die 
aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und 
Kleinanleger, wie in Artikel 2 Nummer 8 derVerordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist], umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Instrumente angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die 
in der Folge die Instrumente anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Instrumente durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) 
und 
angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle 
zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.] 
 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
[Title of relevant Tranche of [Notes] [Pfandbriefe]] 
issued pursuant to the 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe]] 
begeben unter dem 
 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme  
(the „Programme") 
 
of  
Santander Consumer Bank AG 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [●]% 
 
Trade Date: [●] 
Handelstag: [●]

--- Page 87 ---
- 81 - 
 
Issue Date: [●]
2 
Begebungstag: [●]2 
 
Series No.: [●] 
Serien-Nr.: [●] 
 
Tranche No.: [●] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [●] 
 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended and must be read for 
full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] in conjunction with the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] and the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 
2022, including any supplements thereto, if any (the "Base Prospectus"). These Final Terms [and][,] 
the Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [●] [, the supplement dated [●]] [and the supplement 
dated [●]]] have been or will be published, as the case may be, on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). These Final Terms are written in the [German] [and] [English] 
language. The [German] [English] text of the Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions shall be 
prevailing. [The [German] [English] language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, abgefasst und müssen für vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin und das Angebot der 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] zusammen mit den Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[Pfandbriefe] und dem Basisprospekt vom 13. Mai 2022 und etwaiger Nachträge dazu, falls vorhanden 
(der "Basisprospekt"), gelesen werden. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [und] [,] der Basisprospekt 
[und der Nachtrag vom [●] [, der Nachtrag vom [●] [und der Nachtrag vom [●]]] wurden bzw. werden 
auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. Diese Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind in [deutscher] [und] [englischer] Sprache abgefasst. Der [deutsche] [englische] Text 
der Endgültigen Bedingungen und der Anleihebedingungen ist bindend. [Die Übersetzung in die 
[deutsche] [englische] Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
I. ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
This part of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions of the 
[Notes] [Pfandbriefe] set forth in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] of the [Base Prospectus] [Base Prospectus 
dated 7 May 2021] [Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2020] [Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2019] [Base 
Prospectus dated 11 May 2018] [Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017] and, subject to the following, 
constitute as such the conditions applicable to the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions"). Capitalised 
terms not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the form of Terms and Conditions set forth in 
Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] of the [Base Prospectus] [Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021] [Base 
Prospectus dated 7 May 2020] [Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2019] [Base Prospectus dated 11 May 
2018] [Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017].  
Dieser Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit den Muster-Anleihebedingungen der 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] zu lesen, die in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] des [Basisprospekts] 
[Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2021] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2020] [Basisprospekts vom 11. März 2019] 
[Basisprospekts vom 11. Mai 2018] [Basisprospekts vom 12. Mai 2017] enthalten sind und begründen 
vorbehaltlich der nachstehenden Angaben die Bedingungen (die "Bedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den 
Muster-Anleihebedingungen, die in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] des [Basisprospekts] [Basisprospekts 
vom 7. Mai 2021] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2020] [Basisprospekts vom 11. März 2019] [Basisprospekts 
vom 11. Mai 2018] [Basisprospekts vom 12. Mai 2017] definiert sind, haben die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn 
                                                     
2 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
 
Der Begebungstag ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der 
Begebungstag der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 88 ---
- 82 - 
 
sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
 
The Form of Final Terms comprises elements which may not be relevant for certain issues of [Notes] 
[Pfandbriefe]. Such elements which are not relevant will be marked as "Not applicable". All provisions 
in the form of Terms and Conditions, set forth in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] of the [Base Prospectus] 
[Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021] [Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2020] [Base Prospectus dated 11 
March 2019] [Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2018] [Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017], corresponding 
to items in these Final Terms which are marked as "Not applicable" shall be deemed to be deleted from the 
form of Terms and Conditions set forth in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] of the [Base Prospectus] [Base 
Prospectus dated 7 May 2021] [Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2020] [Base Prospectus dated 11 March 
2019] [Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2018] [Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017]. 
Die Muster-Endgültigen Bedingungen sehen Elemente vor, die nicht für jede Emission von 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] relevant sind. Solche Elemente, die nicht relevant sind, werden 
als „Entfällt" gekennzeichnet. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Muster-Anleihebedingungen, die in Part [D.I] 
[D.II] [E.II] [E.III] des [Basisprospekts] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2021] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 
2020] [Basisprospekts vom 11. März 2019] [Basisprospekts vom 11. Mai 2018] enthalten sind, die sich auf 
Elemente dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen und die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen als 
„Entfällt" gekennzeichnet sind, gelten in den Muster-Anleihebedingungen, die in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] 
[E.III] des [Basisprospekts] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2021] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2020] 
[Basisprospekts vom 11. März 2019] [Basisprospekts vom 11. Mai 2018] [Basisprospekts vom 12. Mai 
2017] enthalten sind, als gestrichen. 
 
All references in this part of these Final Terms to numbered Articles and sections are to Articles and 
sections of the Terms and Conditions as set out in Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] of the [Base Prospectus] 
[Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021] [Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2020] [Base Prospectus dated 11 
March 2019] [Base Prospectus dated 11 May 2018] [Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017]. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf 
die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen wie diese im Part [D.I] [D.II] [E.II] [E.III] des 
[Basisprospekts] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2021] [Basisprospekts vom 7. Mai 2020] [Basisprospekts 
vom 11. März 2019] [Basisprospekts vom 11. Mai 2018] [Basisprospekts vom 12. Mai 2017] abgedruckt 
sind. 
 
CURRENCY, SPECIFIED DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, FESTGELEGTE STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Specified Denomination 
Währung und Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Series 
Serie 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
[Euro ("EUR")] [●] 
[Euro ("EUR")] [●] 
Specified Denomination3  
Festgelegte Stückelung3 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[●] 
[●] 
 
                                                     
3  
[Notes] [Pfandbriefe] must have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] müssen eine Stückelung von mindestens Euro 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in 
einer anderen Währung haben.

--- Page 89 ---
- 83 - 
 
Tranche to become part of an existing Series: 
Zusammenfassung der Tranche mit einer bestehenden Serie: 
 
(i)  Aggregate Principal Amount of Series: 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie: 
 
(ii)  Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche: 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche: 
 
[Yes][No] 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Form 
Form 
 
 
Temporary Global Note to be exchanged against Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Type of Note 
Art der Urkunde 
 
 
Classical Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
Classical Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
□ 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
 
 
□ 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels  
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels  
 
 
□ 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centres 
Relevante Finanzzentren 
 
[TARGET] [●] 
[TARGET] [●]

--- Page 90 ---
- 84 - 
 
STATUS (§ 2) 
STATUS (§ 2) 
 
□ 
Unsubordinated Notes 
Nicht nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Eligible for MREL] [Not eligible for MREL] 
[Berücksichtigungsfähig 
für 
MREL] 
[Nicht 
berücksichtigungsfähig für MREL] 
□ 
Unsubordinated non-preferred Notes 
Nicht 
nachrangige, 
nicht-bevorrechtigte 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
□ 
Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe 
 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
□ 
Fixed Rate [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] 
Festverzinsliche [Schuldverschreibungen] 
[Pfandbriefe] 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Entfällt] 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] [in arrear]] [Not 
applicable] 
[●] % per annum [zahlbar [jährlich/ halbjährlich / 
vierteljährlich/monatlich] [nachträglich]] [Entfällt] 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
Festzinstermin(e) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Initial Broken Amount(s) (per Specified 
Denomination) 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag (-beträge) 
(für die Festgelegten Stückelungen) 
 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity 
Date 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorangeht 
 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Final Broken Amount(s) (per Specified 
Denomination) 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag  
(-beträge) (für die Festgelegten Stückelungen) 
 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
[Entfällt] [●]

--- Page 91 ---
- 85 - 
 
Determination Date(s)
4 
Feststellungstermin(e)4 
 
[●] in each year [Not applicable] 
[●] in jedem Jahr [Entfällt] 
□ 
Floating Rate [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] 
Variabel verzinsliche 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
 
[●] [weeks/months/other - specify] 
[●] [Wochen/ Monate/ andere – angeben] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
□ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
 
 
□ 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[[●] [weeks/months] 
[other – specify] 
[[●] [Wochen/Monate] 
[andere – angeben] 
 
□ 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
□ 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
□ 
Adjusted 
Mit Anpassung 
 
 
□ 
Unadjusted 
Ohne Anpassung 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
 
EURIBOR®  
EURIBOR® 
 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR®) is a 
daily interest rate at which Eurozone banks 
offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks for 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
4  
Insert regular interest dates ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
 
Einzusetzen sind die festen Zinstermine, wobei im Falle eines langen oder kurzen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsscheins der Tag der Begebung 
bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. N.B.: Nur einschlägig im Falle des Zinstagequotienten Actual/Actual (ICMA).

--- Page 92 ---
- 86 - 
 
a certain term. 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR®) 
bezeichnet 
den 
täglichen 
Zinssatz 
für 
Termingelder zu dem Banken der Euro-Zone 
anderen Banken diese für einen bestimmten 
Zeitraum zur Verfügung stellen. 
 
 
 
Information about the past and the further 
performance of the reference rate and its 
volatility 
Informationen über die vergangene und 
künftige Wertentwicklung des Basiswerts und 
dessen Volatilität 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Entfällt] [●] 
 
 
Screen page 
Bildschirmseite 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
 
Margin 
Marge 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum][None] [Not applicable] 
[[●] % per annum][Keine] [Entfällt] 
 
 
□ 
plus 
zuzüglich 
 
[●] 
 
□ 
minus 
abzüglich 
 
[●] 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
 
 
□ 
Business Day prior to 
commencement of Interest Period 
 Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
 
[first] [second] [third] [fourth] 
 
[erster] [zweiter] [dritter] [vierter] 
Discontinuation Event 
Einstellungsereignis 
 
 
 
 
Redemption date for fallback call not 
later than second Interest Payment 
Rückzahlungsdatum 
Kündigungsrecht Fallback nicht 
später als der zweite Zinszahlungstag 
 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
Minimum Notice 
Mindestmitteilung 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Maximum Notice 
Maximalmitteilung 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Days 
Tage 
 
[●] [TARGET Business Days] 
[●] [TARGET-Geschäftstage] 
 
 
 
Adjustment by the Independent Expert 
Anpassung durch den Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
 
Fallback call 
Kündigungsrecht Fallback Regelung 
 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 93 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
Interest rate after exercise of fallback 
call 
 
Zinssatz 
bei 
Ausübung 
des 
Kündigungsrechts 
[Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period] [the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations] [●] 
[unmittelbar 
vorausgehender 
Zinssatz] 
[Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel der 
Angebotssätze] [●] 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
 
 
 
□ 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
 
[[●] per cent. per annum 
[●] % per annum] 
 
□ 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
Höchstzinssatz 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[●] % per annum] 
 
□ 
Zero Coupon [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] 
Nullkupon-[Schuldverschreibungen] 
[Pfandbriefe] 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
□ 
Actual/365 (Actual/Actual) 
 
 
□ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)
5 5 
 
 
□ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
□ 
Actual/360 
 
 
□ 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
□ 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
PAYMENTS (§ [4][5]) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ [4][5]) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentren(um) (alle angeben) 
 
[TARGET] [●] 
[TARGET] [●] 
 
REDEMPTION (§ [5][6]) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ [5][6]) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
Maturity Date 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
[●] 
[●] 
                                                     
5  
Applicable only to Fixed Rate [Notes] [Pfandbriefe]. 
 
Nur auf festverzinsliche [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] anwendbar.

--- Page 94 ---
- 88 - 
 
Redemption Month 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Final Redemption Amount 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
 
□ 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 [●] 
 [●] 
□ 
Final Redemption Amount (per Specified 
Denomination which may not be less than 100 
per cent. of the principal invested by an 
investor)  
Rückzahlungsbetrag (für jede Festgelegte 
Stückelung, der nicht weniger als 100 % des 
vom Investor investierten Kapitals sein darf) 
 
 
 
 
 [●] 
 
 
 [●] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
[Optional Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Option zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
[Optional Early Redemption in case of an MREL 
Event 
Option zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aufgrund eines 
MREL Events  
 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
Maximaler Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) (which may not be less 
than 100 per cent. of the principal invested by an 
investor) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) (der nicht 
weniger als 100 % des vom Investor investierten Kapitals 
sein darf) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
[Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●]

--- Page 95 ---
- 89 - 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) (which may not be less than 
100 per cent. of the principal invested by an investor) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) (der nicht 
weniger als 100 % des vom Investor investierten Kapitals 
sein darf) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●]] 
Early Redemption Amount 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
 
[Notes] [Pfandbriefe] other than Zero Coupon [Notes] 
[Pfandbriefe] (which may not be less than 100 per cent. 
of the principal invested by an investor 
[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe], die keine 
Nullkupon-[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] sind 
(der nicht weniger als 100 % des vom Investor 
investierten Kapitals sein darf) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Zero Coupon [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] 
Nullkupon-[Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
[Reference Price 
Referenzpreis 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Amortisation Yield 
 
Emissionsrendite 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Tag der Begebung 
 
Issue Date 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
PAYING AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ [6][7]) 
ZAHLSTELLEN [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ [6][7]) 
 
Paying Agent/specified office 
 
 
 
 
Zahlstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England 
[●] 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England 
[●] 
 
Calculation Agent/specified office 
 
 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
[●] [Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England] 
[●] [Entfällt] 
 
Required location of Calculation Agent (specify) 
Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle (angeben) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●]

--- Page 96 ---
- 90 - 
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT (§ 9) 
KÜNDIGUNG (§ 9) 
 
 
Extraordinary termination right of Holders 
Außerordentliches Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger 
 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Entfällt] 
 
NOTICES (§ [11][12])  
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [11][12]) 
 
 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 
□ 
Federal Gazette 
Bundesanzeiger 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt]  
□ 
Internet address 
 
Internetadresse 
 
[www.bourse.lu][http://www.santander.de/] [Not 
applicable] 
[www.bourse.lu][http://www.santander.de/] 
[Entfällt] 
 
□ 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
 
[Holder’s Resolutions 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
 
 
§§ 5 – 22 of the Bond Act § [13]  
§§ 5 – 22 des Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes § [13]  
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Entfällt] 
 
Certain matters which shall not be subject to 
resolutions of Holders: 
[Specify any matters which shall not be subject to 
resolutions of Holders as set out in § [13] (1) last 
sentence] [none] [Not applicable] 
Bestimmte Maßnahmen, die nicht durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger entschieden werden 
sollen 
 
[Maßnahmen einfügen, über die nicht durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger entschieden 
werden soll, wie in § [13] (1) letzter Satz 
aufgeführt] [Keine] [Entfällt] 
 
Majority requirements for amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions (§ [13] (2)) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse 
für 
Änderungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen (§ [13] (2)) 
 
[Specify majority requirements as set out in § [13] 
(2)] [none] [Not applicable] 
[Mehrheitserfornernisse wie in § [13] (2) 
angegeben, einfügen] [Keine] [Entfällt] 
Material amendments (including measures set out 
in § 5(3) of the Bond Act) (§ [13] (2)) 
Wesentliche Änderungen (einschließlich Maßnahmen 
nach § 5 (3) des Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (§ [13] 
(2)) 
 
[75] [other percentage] per cent. [Not applicable] 
 
[75] [anderer Prozentsatz] % [Entfällt] 
Non-material amendments (§ [13] (2)) 
Unwesentliche Änderungen (§ [13] (2)) 
 
[50] [other percentage] per cent. [Not applicable] 
[50] [anderer Prozentsatz] % [Entfällt] 
In case certain matters require a higher majority, specify 
such certain matters: 
Soweit für einzelne Maßnahmen eine höhere Mehrheit 
gilt, diese Maßnahmen angeben 
 
[specify matters] [Not applicable] 
 
[Maßnahmen angeben] [Entfällt] 
Holders‘ Joint Representative 
 
[To be appointed by majority vote] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
- 91 - 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
 
 
[Wird 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
bestellt] 
[Entfällt] 
 
[insert further matters to be determined by the 
Holders’ Joint Representative if applicable] 
[Weitere Maßnahmen einfügen, die von dem 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter festgelegt werden sollen, 
soweit anwendbar]] 
 
II. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS  
II. 
ZUSÄTZLICHE ANGABEN  
 
A. 
KEY INFORMATION 
A. 
WICHTIGE INFORMATIONEN 
 
 
 
[ ] New Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
 
 
[ ] Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow ECB eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]6 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] are 
capable of meeting them the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit 
bewirkt  
 
[Ja. Die Auswahl der Möglichkeit "ja", bedeutet 
lediglich, dass beabsichtigt ist, die [Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
einzureichen. 
Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] 
zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Geldpolitik 
des 
Eurosystems und für Zwecke der untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt von der 
                                                     
6  
Include this text if this item is applicable in which case the Pfandbriefe must be issued in NGN form. 
 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls dieser Punkt anwendbar ist. In diesem Fall müssen die Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form emittiert 
werden.

--- Page 98 ---
- 92 - 
 
Erfüllung 
der 
Kriterien 
der 
Eignung 
des 
Eurosystems ab (EZB-Fähigkeit).]6  
 
[Nein. Selbst wenn "nein" als Möglichkeit 
ausgewählt wurde zum Datum dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, 
können 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] zukünftig bei einer der 
internationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
eingereicht werden, wenn die Kriterien der 
Eignung des Eurosystems (EZB-Fähigkeit) in der 
Zukunft 
geändert 
und 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] 
diesen 
Kriterien 
entsprechen 
können. 
Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für 
Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch 
das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).] 
[ ] Classical Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
[ ] Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow ECB eligibility 
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Classical Global Note is intended 
to be deposited directly with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt which does not necessarily mean 
that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria (ECB eligibility)]7 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit 
bewirkt  
 
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist 
damit beabsichtigt, die Classical Global Note 
direkt bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
einzuliefern. 
Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für 
Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch 
das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).]7 
 
[ ] New Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
 
 
[ ] Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow ECB eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means  
that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] are intended upon 
                                                     
7  
Include this text if the Classical Global Note is deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls die Classical Global Note direkt bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt eingeliefert wird.

--- Page 99 ---
- 93 - 
 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the [Pfandbriefe] [Notes] will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]8 
 
Material Interests, including conflicting ones, of natural 
and legal persons involved in the issue/offer.  
Wesentliche 
Interessen, 
einschließlich 
Interessenkonflikte, 
von 
Seiten 
natürlicher 
und 
juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind  
 
[specify, if any] [None] [Not applicable] 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern vorhanden] [Keine] 
[Entfällt] 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse 
 
[●] [insert website where framework of the Issuer 
will be published in case of an issue of ESG 
Bonds] 
[●] [Webseite einfügen, auf der das Framework 
der Emittentin veröffentlich wird im Falle einer 
Emission von ESG Bonds] 
 
Estmated net proceeds 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses 
[●] 
[●] 
 
B. 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
[NOTES] [PFANDBRIEFE] TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING  
B. 
INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ZUM HANDEL 
ZUZULASSENDEN 
[SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN] 
[PFANDBRIEFE] 
 
 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
 
 
Common Code 
Common Code 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
 
ISIN Code 
ISIN Code 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
 
German Securities Code 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Yield on issue price
9 
Emissionsrendite9 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
                                                     
8  
Include this text if this item is applicable in which case the Pfandbriefe must be issued in NGN form. 
 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls dieser Punkt anwendbar ist. In diesem Fall müssen die Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form emittiert 
werden. 
9 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate [Notes] [Pfandbriefe]. The calculation of yield is carried out on the basis of the Issue Price. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Berechnung der Rendite erfolgt auf Basis des Ausgabepreises.

--- Page 100 ---
- 94 - 
 
Management Details  
Einzelheiten bezüglich der Dealer 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
[insert name and address] 
[Name und Adresse einzufügen] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatinvestoren 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
[Entfällt] [Anwendbar] 
 
(Wenn die Instrumente eindeutig keine "packaged" 
Produkte darstellen, sollte "Entfällt" konkretisiert 
werden. 
Wenn 
die 
Instrumente "packaged" 
Produkte 
darstellen, 
sollte 
"Anwendbar" 
konkretisiert werden.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatinvestoren 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Instruments may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
[Entfällt] [Anwendbar] 
 
(Wenn die Instrumente eindeutig keine "packaged" 
Produkte darstellen, sollte "Entfällt" konkretisiert 
werden. 
Wenn 
die 
Instrumente "packaged" 
Produkte 
darstellen, 
sollte 
"Anwendbar" 
konkretisiert werden.) 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading 
Angabe der geschätzten Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung 
zum Handel 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Expected date of admission to trading: 
Erwartetes Datum der Zulassung zum Handel: 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
Estimated total expenses:10 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten:10 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
                                                     
10  
Required only for listed issues. Issue Price less Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession. 
 
Nur für börsennotierte Emissionen erforderlich. Ausgabepreis abzüglich Management- und Übernahmeprovision sowie 
Verkaufsprovision.

--- Page 101 ---
- 95 - 
 
C. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING 
ARRANGEMENTS  
C. 
ZULASSUNG 
ZUM 
HANDEL 
UND 
HANDELSREGELN 
 
 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
□ 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (official list) 
Luxemburger Börse (official list) 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
 
□ 
Euro MTF (unregulated market) 
 
Euro MTF (Freiverkehr) 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
 
□ 
Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
□ 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
 
□ 
Freiverkehr (unregulated market) 
 
Freiverkehr 
 
[Not applicable] 
[Entfällt] 
□ 
 
Other (insert details) 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Entfällt] [●] 
[Where information has been sourced from a third party, 
provide confirmation that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall 
identify the source(s) of the information. 
Sofern Angaben von Seiten Dritter übernommen wurden, 
ist zu bestätigen, dass diese Information korrekt 
wiedergegeben wurde und dass – soweit es der Emittentin 
bekannt ist und sie aus den von dieser dritten Partei 
veröffentlichten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine 
Tatsachen 
unterschlagen 
wurden, 
die 
die 
wiedergegebenen 
Informationen 
unkorrekt 
oder 
irreführend gestalten würden. Darüber hinaus ist/sind die 
Quelle(n) der Informationen anzugeben.] 
 
[insert respective wording] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[entsprechenden Wortlaut einfügen]

--- Page 102 ---
- 96 - 
 
D. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
D. 
ZUSÄTZLICHE ANGABEN 
 
 
Rating of the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe]:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rating der [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe]: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Other]: [●]] 
[include brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Andere]: [●]] 
[Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings 
aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur 
veröffentlicht]

--- Page 103 ---
- 97 - 
 
[This credit rating has] [These credit ratings have] been issued by [insert full name of legal entity/ies 
which has/have given the rating/s] which [is/are not established in the European Union but a 
European Union affiliate is established in the European Union and has/have been registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 31 October 2011 by the relevant competent authority.] [is/are 
established in the European Union and has/have been registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on 31 October 2011 by the relevant competent authority.] [is/are not established in the 
European Union but a European Union affiliate has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended from time to time, indicating an intention to endorse its ratings, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision (including its ability to endorse [●] ratings) 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.] [is/are established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from 
time to time, although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] [[is/are][is/are not] established in the European Union 
and [is][is not] registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time.] The 
current version of the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the Rating 
Regulation 
may 
be 
retrieved 
from 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Commission 
at 
http://ec.europa.eu/finance/rating-agencies/index_en.htm. In accordance with Article 18 (3) of the 
Rating Regulation, such list is updated within 30 days, as soon as the registering competent authority 
of a home member state has informed the Commission of any amendment as regards the registered 
credit rating agencies.] [Dieses Rating wurde][Diese Ratings wurden] von [vollständigen Namen der 
juristischen Person(en), die das Rating abgibt einfügen] abgegeben. [Vollständigen Namen der 
juristischen Person(en), die das Rating abgibt/abgeben, einfügen] [hat/haben [ihren][seinen] Sitz 
nicht in der europäischen Union, aber eine europäische Tochtergesellschaft hat ihren Sitz in der 
europäischen Union und wurde gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 am 31. Oktober 2011 
durch die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde registriert.] [hat/haben [ihren][seinen] Sitz [in der 
Europäischen Union und wurde/wurden gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 durch die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde registriert.][hat/haben [ihren][seinen] Sitz nicht in der europäischen 
Union, aber eine europäische Tochtergesellschaft hat die Registrierung gemäß der Verordnung 
(EG) Nr. 1060/2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geänderten Fassung, beantragt und die 
Absicht angezeigt, Ratings abzugeben, obwohl die entsprechende Registrierungsentscheidung 
(einschließlich der Entscheidung über die Nutzung von Ratings, die von [●] abgegeben wurden) 
durch die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt wurde.] [hat/haben [ihren][seinen] Sitz 
[in der Europäischen Union und die Registrierung gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 über 
Ratingagenturen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Fassung, 
beantragt, 
wenngleich 
die 
Registrierungsentscheidung der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt worden 
ist.][[nicht] in der Europäischen Union und [ist / ist nicht] gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geänderten Fassung, über Ratingagenturen 
registriert.] Die aktuelle Liste der gemäß der Ratingverordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen kann 
auf der Webseite der Europäischen Kommission unter http://ec.europa.eu/finance/rating-
agencies/index_de.htm abgerufen werden. Diese Liste wird im Einklang mit Artikel 18(3) der 
Ratingverordnung innerhalb von 30 Tagen aktualisiert, sobald die für die Registrierung zuständige 
Behörde eine Heimatstaates die Kommission über etwaige Änderungen betreffend der registrierten 
Ratingagentur informiert hat.]

--- Page 104 ---
- 98 - 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
Unterzeichnet im Namen der Emittentin 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
durch 
 
 
 
 
 
durch 
 
 
 
Duly authorised  
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt]

--- Page 105 ---
- 99 - 
 
  
Part E of the Base Prospectus 
Taxation 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP 
AND DISPOSITION OF INSTRUMENTS, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL 
TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR IN WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE 
RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE INSTRUMENTS.

--- Page 106 ---
- 100 - 
 
Part F of the Base Prospectus 
Subscription and Sale 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Programme Agreement dated on or around  
13 May 2022 between Santander Consumer Bank AG and Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
(the "Programme Agreement"), the Instruments will be offered by the Issuer to the dealer(s) appointed 
from time to time in respect of one or more Tranches (each a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers"). The 
Instruments may be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer, or directly 
without any Dealer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Instruments to be issued in Series of 
Instruments which are severally and not jointly underwritten by two or more Dealers or such subscribers. 
 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Instruments. The Programme Agreement may be terminated by any party at any time for any 
reasonon giving not less than ten business days' notice. 
 
Save for the filing of (i) the Base Prospectus as approved by the Competent Authority in accordance with 
the Luxembourg Law and (ii) a copy of each Final Terms for Instruments listed on a stock exchange with 
such stock exchange (if required by the relevant rules of such stock exchange), no action has been or will 
be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Instruments, or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer will comply with all relevant laws and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells, or delivers Instruments or has in its possession or distributes 
the Base Prospectus or any other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of the Instruments under the laws and directives in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales, in all cases at 
its own expense, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.  
 
No Dealer is authorised to make any representation or use any information in connection with the issue, 
offering and sale of the Instruments other than as contained in, or consistent with, the Base Prospectus, 
each relevant Final Terms and any other documents or information supplied by the Issuer to such Dealer 
pursuant to the Programme. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered, assigned, transferred, sold, pledged, encumbered or otherwise delivered 
within the United States (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S) or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has offered, assigned, transferred, sold, 
pledged, encumbered or otherwise delivered the Instruments of any Tranche, and will offer, assign, 
transfer, sell, pledge, encumber or otherwise deliver the Instruments of any Tranche (i) as part of its 
distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche 
as determined, and such completion is notified to each relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent or, in the case 
of a syndicated issue, the lead manager, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage 
in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S) with respect to the Instruments, and 
it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions (as defined in Rule 902 of 
Regulation S) requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed to notify the Fiscal Agent or, in the 
case of a syndicated issue, the lead manager when it has completed the distribution of its portion of the 
Instruments of any Tranche so that the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the lead manager 
may determine the completion of the distribution of all Instruments of that Tranche and notify the other 
Relevant Dealers (if any) of the end of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Rule 902 of 
Regulation S). Each Dealer agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Instruments, it will have sent

--- Page 107 ---
- 101 - 
 
to each distributor (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S), dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration that purchases Instruments from it during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of this tranche of Securities as determined, and notified to [Relevant Dealer], 
by the [Fiscal Agent/Lead Manager]. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act." 
 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not entered 
and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of 
Instruments within the United States of America, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
 
Instruments, other than Instruments with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulation 
Section 
1.163-5 
(c) 
(2) 
(i) 
(D)  
(the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the D Rules for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code). 
 
In addition, in respect of Instruments issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Instruments in bearer form to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered 
and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Instruments in bearer 
form that are sold during the restricted period; 
 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Instruments in bearer form 
are aware that such Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted 
by the D Rules; 
 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Instruments in 
bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer 
retains Instruments in bearer form for its own account, it will do so only in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5 (c) (2) (i) (D) (6); and 
 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Instruments in bearer form from such Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Instruments during the restricted period, such Dealer either (a) 
has repeated and confirmed the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (b) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for the 
benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
 
Terms used in the above paragraphs have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
 
European Economic Area  
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 108 ---
- 102 - 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
"Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Instruments which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 109 ---
- 103 - 
 
United Kingdom  
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments 
may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which either (i) has 
been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision 
in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms 
contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide

--- Page 110 ---
- 104 - 
 
to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
 
(a) in relation to any Instruments which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Instruments other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Sec. 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Sec. 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Instruments in 
circumstances in which Sec. 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
General 
 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Instruments, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with all relevant laws and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells, or delivers Instruments or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus or any other offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of the Instruments under the laws and 
directives in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or 
sales, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
herefor. 
 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers, inter alia, 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.

--- Page 111 ---
- 105 - 
 
Part G of the Base Prospectus 
Information relating to Pfandbriefe 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO PFANDBRIEFE 
 
The following is a description condensed to some of the more fundamental principles governing the law 
regarding Pfandbriefe and Pfandbrief Banks in summary form and without addressing all the laws' 
complexities and details. Accordingly, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable laws. 
 
Introduction  
 
The Pfandbrief operations of the Issuer are subject to the German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) of  
22 May 2005, which has come into force on 19 July 2005, as amended from time to time (the "Pfandbrief 
Act").  
 
All German credit institutions are permitted, subject to authorisation and further requirements of the 
Pfandbrief Act, to engage in the Pfandbrief business and to issue Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe, 
Ship Pfandbriefe as well as Aircraft Pfandbriefe.  
 
German credit institutions wishing to take up the Pfandbrief business must obtain special authorisation 
under the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz - "KWG") from the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – the "BaFin") and, for that purpose, must meet 
some additional requirements as specified in the Pfandbrief Act.  
For the purpose of this summary, banks authorised to issue Pfandbriefe will generally be referred to as 
"Pfandbrief Banks" which is the term applied by the Pfandbrief Act.  
 
Rules applicable to all types of Pfandbriefe  
 
Pfandbriefe are standardised debt instruments issued by a Pfandbrief Bank. The quality and standards of 
Pfandbriefe are strictly governed by provisions of the Pfandbrief Act and subject to the supervision of the 
BaFin. Pfandbriefe generally are medium- to long-term bonds, typically with an original maturity of two to 
ten years, which are secured or "covered" at all times by a pool of specified qualifying assets (Deckung), as 
described below. Pfandbriefe are recourse obligations of the issuing bank, and no separate vehicle is 
created for their issuance generally or for the issuance of any specific series of Pfandbriefe. Traditionally, 
Pfandbriefe have borne interest at a fixed rate, but Pfandbrief Banks are also issuing zero-coupon and 
floating rate Pfandbriefe, in some cases with additional features such as step-up coupons, caps or floors. 
Most issues of Pfandbriefe are denominated in Euro. A Pfandbrief Bank may, however, also issue 
Pfandbriefe in other currencies, subject to certain limitations. Pfandbriefe may not be redeemed at the 
option of the Holders prior to maturity. 
 
Pfandbriefe may either be Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe, Ship Pfandbriefe or Aircraft 
Pfandbriefe. The outstanding Pfandbriefe of any one of these types must be covered by a separate pool of 
specified qualifying assets: a pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe only, a pool for Public Pfandbriefe only, a pool 
covering all outstanding Ship Pfandbriefe only, and a pool covering all outstanding Aircraft Pfandbriefe 
(each a "Cover Pool"). An independent trustee appointed by the BaFin has wide responsibilities in 
monitoring compliance by the Pfandbrief Bank with the provisions of the Pfandbrief Act. In particular, the 
trustee monitors the sufficiency of the cover assets recorded in a register listing the assets provided as cover 
from time to time in respect of the Pfandbriefe of any given type; such register is maintained by the 
Pfandbrief Bank. 
 
The aggregate principal amount of assets in each Cover Pool must at all times at least be equal to the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Pfandbriefe covered by such Cover Pool. Moreover, the 
aggregate interest yield on any such Pool must at all times be at least equal to the aggregate interest payable 
on all Pfandbriefe covered by such Cover Pool. In addition, the coverage of all outstanding Pfandbriefe 
with respect to principal and interest must also at all times be ensured on the basis of the present value 
(Barwert). Finally, the present value of the assets contained in the Cover Pool must exceed the total amount 
of liabilities from the corresponding Pfandbriefe and derivatives by at least 2 per cent. (sichernde

--- Page 112 ---
- 106 - 
 
Überdeckung).  
 
Such 2 per cent. excess cover must consist of highly liquid assets. Qualifying assets for the excess cover are 
(i) debt securities of the Federal Republic of Germany, a special fund of the Federal Republic of Germany, 
a German state, the European Communities, the member states of the European Union, the states 
comprising the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the European Investment Bank, the IBRD-World Bank, 
the Council of Europe Development Bank, or the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, as 
well as under certain circumstances debt securities of Switzerland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Canada or Japan, if such countries have been assigned 
a risk weight equal to a credit quality of level 1 obtained by an international rating agency and as set out in 
regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 (as amended from time to time, the "CRR"); (ii) debt securities guaranteed 
by any of the foregoing entities; and (iii) credit balances maintained with the European Central Bank or the 
central banks of the member states of the European Union or (if certain requirements are fulfilled) another 
contracting member state of the EEA or (iv) credit balances maintained with appropriate credit institutions 
which have their corporate seat in a country listed under (i) above whereby – if such country is not a 
member state of the European Union or another contracting state of the EEA – the equivalence of the 
supervisory framework within the meaning of Article 107 (4) of the CRR has been determined by the 
European Commission, and if such credit institutions have been assigned a risk weight equal to a credit 
quality of level 1 obtained by an international rating agency and as set out in the CRR. In addition, to 
safeguard liquidity, a certain liquidity cushion must be established. 
The Pfandbrief Bank must record in the register of cover assets for any Cover Pool of a given Pfandbrief 
type each asset and the liabilities arising from derivatives. Derivatives may be entered in such register only 
with the consent of the trustee and the counterparty.  
 
The Pfandbrief Bank must have an appropriate risk management system meeting the requirements specified 
in detail in the Pfandbrief Act and must comply with comprehensive disclosure requirements on a quarterly 
and annual basis set out in detail in the Pfandbrief Act.  
 
Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe  
 
The principal assets qualifying for the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe are loans secured by 
mortgages which may serve as cover up to the initial 60 per cent. of the value of the property, as assessed 
by experts of the Pfandbrief Bank not taking part in the credit decision in accordance with comprehensive 
evaluation rules designed to arrive at the fair market value of the property. Moreover, building structures 
connected firmly with the mortgaged property when taken into account for valuation must be adequately 
insured against relevant risks.  
 
The underlying property must be situated in a state of the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom of Great 
Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand or 
Singapore. Furthermore, the registered cover pool assets include all claims of the Pfandbrief Bank directed 
to the economic substance of the property.  
 
Other assets qualifying for inclusion in the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe include, among others: 
 
(i) equalisation claims converted into bonds, (ii) subject to certain qualifications, those assets which may 
also be included in the 2 per cent. excess cover described above, up to a total sum of 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe; (iii) the assets which may also be 
included in the Cover Pool for Public Pfandbriefe, up to a total of 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe, whereby the assets pursuant to (i) above will be deducted and 
(iv) up to 12% of the total the amount of Mortgage Pfandbriefe outstanding, measured by their present 
value, by the present value of the claims arising from derivative transactions entered in the cover register 
within the meaning of § 4b of the Pfandbrief Act. With regard to these further cover assets for Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe, certain amendments will come into effect as of 8 July 2022, which primarily serve to adapt to 
the CRR. In particular, in the case of claims against eligible credit institutions, provided they are assigned a 
risk weight corresponding to credit quality step 1, the limit will be increased to 15%. For claims arising 
from credit balances from an account relationship with the European Central Bank or central banks of the 
mmber states of the European Union or the central banks of the other signatory states of the agreement on 
the EEA, no limit will apply in the future. In addition, from 8 July 2022, claims arising from derivative

--- Page 113 ---
- 107 - 
 
transactions are also to be counted towards this limit.  
 
Status and protection of the Pfandbrief Holders 
 
The Holders of outstanding Pfandbriefe rank pari passu among themselves, and have preferential claims 
with respect to the assets registered in the relevant cover register. With respect to other assets of a 
Pfandbrief Bank, holders of Pfandbriefe rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Pfandbrief Bank. 
 
Insolvency proceedings  
 
In the event of the institution of insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Pfandbrief Bank, any Cover 
Pool maintained by it would not be part of the insolvency estate, and, therefore, such insolvency would not 
automatically result in an insolvency of any Cover Pool. Only if at the same time or thereafter the relevant 
Cover Pool were to become insolvent, separate insolvency proceedings would be initiated over the assets of 
such Cover Pool by the BaFin. In this case, Holders of Pfandbriefe would have the first claim on the 
respective Cover Pool. Their preferential right would also extend to interest on the Pfandbriefe accrued 
after the commencement of insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, but only to the extent that Holders of 
Pfandbriefe suffer a loss, Holders would also have recourse to any assets of the Pfandbrief Bank not 
included in the Cover Pools. As regards those assets, Holders of the Pfandbriefe would rank equal with 
other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Pfandbrief Bank. 
 
One to three administrators (Sachwalter, each an "Administrator") will be appointed in the case of the 
insolvency of the Pfandbrief Bank to administer each Cover Pool for the sole benefit of the Holders of 
related Pfandbriefe. The Administrator will be appointed by the court having jurisdiction pursuant to the 
German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) at the request of the BaFin before or after the institution of 
insolvency proceedings. The Administrator will be subject to the supervision of the court and also of the 
BaFin with respect to the duties of the Pfandbrief Bank arising in connection with the administration of the 
assets included in the relevant Cover Pool. The Administrator will be entitled to dispose of the Cover Pool's 
assets and receive all payments on the relevant assets to ensure full satisfaction of the claims of the Holders 
of Pfandbriefe. To the extent, however, that those assets are obviously not necessary to satisfy such claims, 
the insolvency receiver of the Pfandbrief Bank is entitled to demand the transfer of such assets to the 
Pfandbrief Bank’s insolvency estate.  
 
Subject to the consent of the BaFin, the Administrator may transfer all or part of the cover assets and the 
liabilities arising from the Pfandbriefe issued against such assets to another Pfandbrief Bank. 
 
Amendments to the Pfandbrief Act 
 
On a European level, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the "Covered Bonds Directive") has entered into force in 
early 2020, with a deadline for implementation in the member states by 8 July 2021.  
The Covered Bonds Directive sets out conditions that bonds need to satisfy in order to be recognised as 
covered bonds under the law of the European Union and refers to certain supervisory duties. In Germany, 
the law for the implementation of the Covered Bonds Directive (Gesetz zur Umsetzung der Covered Bonds 
Richtlinie - "CBD Implementation Act") implements the Covered Bonds Directive into national law. 
In particular, the German legislator implemented the concept of maturity deferral (Fälligkeitsverschiebung) 
into German law. A maturity deferral may be imposed by the Administrator if such deferral is necessary in 
oder to avoid the insolvency and if it is likely that the liabilities under the Pfandbriefe can be satisfied by 
deferring the maturity. Redemption payments may be deferred by up to twelve months for all Pfandbriefe 
of the Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities (beschränkte Geschäftstätigkeit) and (in certain 
narrow circumstances) interest payments. The duration of such deferral shall be determined by the 
Administrator on the basis of necessity in line with the requirements set out in the Pfandbrief Act. Any 
deferral needs to be published by the Administrator.

--- Page 114 ---
- 108 - 
 
Part H of the Base Prospectus 
Use of Proceeds 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Instruments will be used for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the 
net proceeds for the above-mentioned reasons, then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. In any 
case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Instruments. 
Notes may be issued as ESG Bonds and the relevant Final Terms will indicate if the Instruments are 
intended to constitute ESG Bonds. Once the Framework relating to ESG Bonds has been established, a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus will be prepared to include information relating to such Framework. The 
Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of ESG Bonds to Eligible 
Projects, in line with any Framework the Issuer may publish from time to time on its website. Such 
Framework may be updated or amended from time to time to reflect current market practice as well as 
changes in eligibility and other criteria. Any amendments to the Framework will also be available on the 
Issuer’s website.

--- Page 115 ---
- 109 - 
 
Part I of the Base Prospectus 
Description of the Issuer 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
Legal and commercial name: 
Santander Consumer Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Domicile: 
Moenchengladbach, Germany 
 
Legal form: 
Stock corporation (AG) governed by German law 
 
Legislation of operation: 
Germany 
 
Country of incorporation: 
Germany 
 
Registered and principal office: 
 
Address: 
Santander Consumer Bank AG 
Santander-Platz 1 
41061 Moenchengladbach 
Germany 
 
Telephone number: 
+49 (0)180 5 556 499 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG (the "Issuer" or "Santander Consumer Bank" or "SCB") has its registered 
office in Moenchengladbach and is registered in the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) of 
Moenchengladbach under number HRB 1747. The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 
5299002CRNX7K6KOL397. It is incorporated for an unlimited period of time. The purpose of Santander 
Consumer Bank is to conduct banking business according to the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz - 
"KWG") and to provide financial, advisory and similar services. 
 
The website of the Issuer is www.santander.de. The information on the website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
Formation and History 
 
The Issuer is a credit institution which was founded on 20 August 1957 in Moenchengladbach, Germany 
under the name of Curt Briechle KG Absatzfinanzierung as a sales financing company for cars. In 1968, 
Curt Briechle KG Absatzfinanzierung was transformed into a stock corporation (AG) and renamed 
Bankhaus Centrale Credit AG. In 1987, Bankhaus Centrale Credit AG was acquired by Banco Santander, 
S.A. and renamed CC-Bank AG. In 1988, 50 percent of the shares of CC-Bank AG were acquired by The 
Royal Bank of Scotland plc and were repurchased in 1996 by Banco Santander, S.A., which thereby 
became the sole shareholder of the company. 
 
In 2002, CC-Bank AG merged with AKB Privat- und Handelsbank, which was domiciled in Cologne. In 
2003, Santander Direkt Bank AG, a member of Santander Group (as defined herein), with its seat in 
Frankfurt am Main, merged with CC-Bank AG. This merger was recorded in the commercial register on 
15 September 2003. On 31 August 2006, the change of the name into Santander Consumer Bank AG was 
recorded in the commercial register. Santander Consumer Bank AG acquired the consumer credit business 
of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, RBS (RD Europe) GmbH, on 1 July 2008. The merger was recorded in 
the commercial register on 30 December 2008. 
 
Furthermore, in April 2009, Santander Consumer Bank acquired and merged with GE Money Bank GmbH. 
The merger was recorded in the commercial register on 1 July 2009. 
 
With effect from 31 January 2011, Santander Consumer Bank acquired the German retail and SME (small 
and medium-sized enterprises) business of SEB AG ("SEB") in Germany. This business has been operating

--- Page 116 ---
- 110 - 
 
since 1 February 2011 under the name of Santander Bank, a branch of Santander Consumer Bank 
(hereinafter referred to as Santander Bank). By integrating Santander Bank’s retail and SME business, the 
Issuer has expanded and strengthened its retail banking business and broadened its product range. 
Following the acquisition, Santander Consumer Bank has established itself as one of the largest banks in 
the German retail banking sector with approximately 3.8 million clients in Germany (as measured by 
number of customers according to internal calculations by the Issuer as of 31 December 2021).  
 
Simplified Group Structure 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's entire share capital of EUR 30,002,000 is held by 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH, a limited liability company based in Moenchengladbach. At year-
end, all profits are transferred to Santander Consumer Holding GmbH. Possible losses are covered by 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH, after any reserves of Santander Consumer Bank have been fully 
utilized. 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander Consumer Holding GmbH, which in turn is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Santander Consumer Finance S.A. ("SCF"), a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. 
headquartered in Madrid, Spain (together, the "Santander Group"). Santander Consumer Bank is part of 
the business division headed by SCF and integrated in the worldwide business and risk management 
processes of Banco Santander, S.A., which is the largest bank in Spain as well as one of the largest banks in 
the Eurozone and worldwide, in each case as measured by market capitalisation according to Bloomberg as 
of 31 December 2021.  
 
Integration within Santander Group 
 
As a basic part of Banco Santander, S.A.’s widely diversified and strong international group, Santander 
Consumer Bank AG is fully integrated in the worldwide management and reporting system and governance 
framework of the parent company.  
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Moskauer Straße 19, 40227 Düsseldorf ("PricewaterhouseCoopers"), a member of the German Chamber 
of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers has audited the annual financial statements of Santander Consumer Bank as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, which were prepared by the Issuer in 
accordance with the HGB and audited pursuant to German generally accepted standards for the audit of 
financial statements. For 2020 and 2021, PricewaterhouseCoopers issued an unqualified auditor's report 
(uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk). 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal activities and markets 
 
Santander Consumer Bank is a credit institution which has held a full banking license since 1967 and 
conducts banking business subject to the supervision of the German Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – BaFin) in co-operation with the German central bank 
(Bundesbank) and in accordance with the German Banking Act. Since 4 November 2014, the Issuer has 
been monitored by the ECB according to the uniform European Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). 
Santander Consumer Bank is part of the SCF division headed by SCF, which is one of the major suppliers 
of consumer financing in Europe.  
 
SCB serves approximately 3.8 million customers by providing consumer loans for cars (through its 
Mobility business) and durable goods (through its Consumer Financial Services business) to retail 
customers. SCB offers a wide range of retail banking services in Germany through its 189 branches (direct 
business; number of branches as of the end of December 2021). SCB offers consultation for investment-

--- Page 117 ---
- 111 - 
 
oriented customers, mortgage loans for retail customers and financial services for corporate customers 
(business and corporate banking). Furthermore, SCB is active in the covered bond (Pfandbrief) business in 
the category of mortgage bonds (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) and in the credit card business.  
 
To improve customer service and increase efficiency through uniform processes and economies of scale, 
the bank has outsourced various back-office activities. In selected areas (e.g. mobility and structuring of 
asset-backed securities transactions), SCB also offers services to other banks (referred to as "banking as a 
service"). 
 
The Issuer’s activities include the following business areas, each described further below: Mobility, 
Consumer Financial Services, Direct Business and Business & Corporate Banking.  
 
Mobility  
 
For Santander Consumer Bank, Mobility is a central business area. Mobility consists of the two business 
units "Motor Vehicles" (financing of new and used cars, motorcycles and caravans) and "Stock Financing" 
(stock financing for dealerships). 
 
In the Mobility business, Santander Consumer Bank has for many years been the largest provider of 
manufacturer-independent financing (referred to as the "non-captive market") for cars, motorcycles and 
(motor) caravans in Germany. SCB also acts as the exclusive financing partner of selected car brands 
(referred to as the "captive market") such as Mazda and Volvo. Exclusive partnerships with manufacturers 
of motorcycles (such as Harley Davidson and Kawaski, for example) and of (motor) caravans (such as 
Dethleffs and Hymer) complement the offers in the car sector. SCB pursues the strategy of intensifying 
market penetration in Germany by strengthening collaborations with its dealer partners. 
 
Consumer Financial Services 
 
The Issuer is a major provider of consumer goods financing services in Germany. The types of products 
financed through the consumer goods business mainly consists of furniture, consumer electronics and 
computers. SCB cooperates with several major furniture dealers and consumer electronics retailers in 
Germany. 
 
Direct Business 
 
In contrast to the Consumer Financial Services and Mobility business, which provide financing to 
customers indirectly through the Issuer’s partners, the Direct Business serves customers directly through 
the Issuer’s branches and offices.  
 
In the Direct Business, the Issuer offers cash loans, current accounts and card products through its network 
of branches and offices and also offers simple deposit products and online credit services. The Issuer also 
offers insurance and building loans on behalf of SBC’s cooperation partners. As of 31 December 2021, 
Santander Consumer Bank had a network of 189 branches in Germany (209 in the previous year). 
 
Furthermore, SCB offers its retail banking customers investment consulting and financial planning services 
tailored to individual customer requirements, in particular in the area of securities and retirement planning. 
Additionally, the Direct Business provides mortgage financing. 
 
Business & Corporate Banking 
 
In Business & Corporate Banking, the Issuer provides business customers with loans, as well as foreign 
currency, interest rate, and currency hedging products. The Issuer’s strategy is to serve customers with an 
international focus, especially in those markets where the Santander Group has local expertise.  
 
Business development in 2021 
 
In 2021, Santander Consumer Bank generated a profit before taxes of EUR 532.7 million (previous year: 
EUR 393.6 million). The balance sheet total increased by 11% from EUR 50.1 billion as of 31 December 
2020 to EUR 55.6 billion as of 31 December 2021. The Issuer's non-performing loan ratio decreased to

--- Page 118 ---
- 112 - 
 
1.5% (1.7% as of 31 December 2020).  
 
Due to supply chain disruptions in the car industry following the COVID-19 pandemic, the German 
passenger car market declined in 2021. According to the Federal Motor Transport Authority, new 
registrations fell by 10.1% to 2.6 million vehicles in 2021. The number of new private vehicle registrations 
included in this figure fell by 16.3% to 0.9 million vehicles. The total number of private transfers of 
ownership fell by 4.5% to 6.7 million in 2021. 
 
Within this overall market, the Issuer's loan revenue in the Mobility business (excluding dealer stock 
financing) declined by 3.7% to EUR 5.2 billion in 2021. The new car business fell by 12.8% from EUR 1.4 
billion to EUR 1.2 billion, while the used car business with end customers, which is more important for the 
Issuer in terms of volume, declined by a much smaller amount in the year under review: 0.5% to EUR 4.0 
billion. The credit exposure in dealer purchase financing fell by 3% to EUR 6.5 billion. 
 
In the Consumer Financial Services business, trade credit sales increased by 19.1% to EUR 0.5 billion in 
2021. In the Direct Business, new installment loan business increased by 19.2% to EUR 2.5 billion in 2021. 
New mortgage lending business grew by 18.5% to EUR 293.4 million. 
 
New lending business in Business & Corporate Banking decreased by EUR 455.9 million compared to 
2020 to EUR 703.7 million. This decrease was due to a change in reporting: In 2021, unlike in the previous 
year, prolongations were no longer reported in the segment’s new business. On a comparable basis (i.e., 
adjusted for this prolongation effect), new lending business increased by 11.8% to EUR 1.3 billion. 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
As a German stock corporation, the Issuer has a two-tier board system. The Management Board is 
responsible for the management of Santander Consumer Bank and the representation of the Issuer with 
respect to third parties. The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Management Board and 
supervises the activities of the Management Board. Currently, the Management Board consists of seven 
members. The Supervisory Board consists of twelve members. 
 
All tasks and responsibilities of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board are described and 
documented in full within the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the organisational rules 
and regulations of the Issuer which comprise the Articles of Association (Satzung), the Rules of Procedure 
of the Management Board (Geschäftsordnung des Vorstandes) as well as the Rules of Procedure of the 
Supervisory Board (Geschäftsordnung des Aufsichtsrates) and of the Supervisory Board committees 
(Geschäftsordnungen der Ausschüsse des Aufsichtsrates). 
 
Management Board 
 
The Issuer is an integral part of the worldwide management and reporting system of the parent company. 
The Management Board is closely connected to the decision-making bodies of the parent entities Santander 
Consumer Finance, S.A. and Banco Santander, S.A. Business issues are discussed among the Management 
Board of Santander Consumer Bank AG and the parent companies in regular meetings. 
 
The current members of the Management Board and their function/internal responsibility with respect to 
the Issuer are as follows: 
 
 
Member 
Internal responsibility 
 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Vito Volpe 
(Chairman) 
Chief Executive Officer  
Chairman of the Management Board 
Santander 
Consumer 
Holding 
GmbH  
 
 
Walter Donat 
 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Member of the Management Board 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH

--- Page 119 ---
- 113 - 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board  
PSA Bank Deutschland GmbH  
 
Member of the Supervisory Board  
Santander Consumer Operations GmbH  
 
Thomas 
Hanswillemenke 
 
Board Member 
Member of the Management Board 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Hyundai Capital Bank Europe GmbH 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Allane SE  
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Santander Consumer Operations Services 
GmbH 
 
Member of the Advisory Board VCFS 
Germany GmbH 
 
Jochen Klöpper  
Chief Risk Officer 
Member of the Management Board 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Hyundai Capital Bank Europe GmbH 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Allane SE 
 
Member of the Advisory Board West 
Schufa Holding AG 
 
Fernando Silva 
Fernandez 
Board Member  
 
Member of the Management Board 
Santander Consumer Holding GmbH 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Santander Consumer Operations GmbH 
 
 
The business address of the members of the Management Board is at the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the 
Management Board and their private interests or other duties. 
 
Supervisory Board 
 
The Supervisory Board consists of twelve members. Six are representatives of Santander Group elected by 
the shareholder of the Issuer at the Annual General Meeting and six are elected by the employees of the 
Issuer.  
 
The current members of the Supervisory Board and the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer, where these are significant with respect to Santander Consumer Bank AG, are as follows:

--- Page 120 ---
- 114 - 
 
Member 
Principal Outside Activities  
 
Monica Lopez-Monis 
Gallego 
(Chairwoman) 
Head of Supervisory and Regulatory Relations, Banco Santander, S.A. 
Dirk Marzluf 
Group Head of Technology & Operations, Banco Santander, 
S.A. 
Cristina San José 
Brosa 
Chief Data Strategist, Banco Santander, S.A. 
Rafael Moral 
Salarich 
Director Business Development, Santander Consumer Finance 
S.A. 
Adelheid Sailer-
Schuster 
Consultant for Santander Consumer Finance S.A. 
Patricia Benito de Mateo 
General Manager; Openbank, S.A.  
Deniz Kuyubasi 
Employee representative / Ver.di – trade union representative 
Thomas Schützelt 
Employee representative  
Martina Liebich 
Employee representative / Deputy Chairwoman 
Robert Neumann 
Employee representative 
Paloma Esteban Garcia 
Employee representative 
Peter Blümel 
Employee representative / DBV – trade union representative 
 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is at the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the 
Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties. 
 
SHARE CAPITAL 
 
As of the balance sheet date (31 December 2021), the share capital of Santander Consumer Bank amounted 
to EUR 30,002,000. All shares (30,002 registered shares with a nominal amount of EUR 1,000 each) are 
held by Santander Consumer Holding GmbH, Moenchengladbach, Germany, which is the sole shareholder. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The English language non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (each consisting of balance sheet, profit and loss 
statement and notes to the annual financial statements), each prepared in accordance with HGB, together 
with the respective auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
The English-language non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 set out above and incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus are translations of the respective audited German-language non-consolidated annual 
financial statements. 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
Effective as of 1 January 2004, a control and profit and loss transfer agreement was concluded between 
Santander Consumer Finance Germany GmbH, Mönchengladbach, and Santander Consumer Bank AG. 
Santander Consumer Finance Germany GmbH was merged with Santander Consumer Holding GmbH with 
effect from 1 January 2009. The control and profit and loss transfer agreement continues to exist from this 
time with Santander Consumer Holding GmbH.

--- Page 121 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Santander Consumer Bank uses external service providers, primarily in the group of Banco Santander S.A., 
for the provision of certain services, such as IT services, back-office processes and accounting. 
 
Based on the results of the internal control systems of the divisions responsible for outsourcing, the 
Outsourcing Office prepares an annual outsourcing report. In addition to other operational risks, the default 
of service providers and (non) compliance with the data protection provisions in particular were identified 
as potential risk factors. The benefits of outsourcing certain services include specialisation (increasing 
quality of service) and price/cost optimisation. The term of contracts ranges from one year to unlimited. 
The longest notice period is twelve months to the end of the year. 
 
Recent Developments and Trend Information 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and no recent events since 
31 December 2021, the date of the Issuer’s last published audited financial statements. 
 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
 
With respect to its consumer loan business Santander Consumer Bank is involved in legal disputes typical 
in such line of business (for example, disputes regarding payment protection insurance products, revocation 
clauses etc.). Since 2020, the number of lawsuits related to revocation clauses is steadily increasing, due to 
increased consumer protection attention and mainly in connection with the financing of vehicles. Santander 
Consumer Bank regularly monitors the development of these risks and their potential effects on the Issuer’s 
financial position and profitability. 
 
Santander Consumer Bank is also a defendant in a low number of lawsuits brought by former customers for 
allegedly wrong investment advice given in connection with the purchase of certain financial products. 
Furthermore, Santander Consumer Bank is also still facing a low number of lawsuits in connection with 
loan handling fee disputes (Kreditbearbeitungsgebühr). Due to legal developments and the arrangements 
taken by SCB, the significance of these litigation issues is declining.  
 
Santander Consumer Bank currently has provisions in place to cover damage claims, which may result 
from these lawsuits, and which it believes are appropriate based on facts currently known. However, there 
is no guarantee that these provisions will be sufficient to cover all damage claims for which Santander 
Consumer Bank may ultimately be held liable.  
 
With the exception of the above, during the last twelve months, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings, which are pending or threatened, of which the 
Issuer is aware) which – to the best of our knowledge – may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
 
Significant Change in the Financial Position or Financial Performance 
 
There has not been any significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, 
the end of the last period for which the Issuer has published financial statements. No significant change has 
occurred in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 122 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Part J of the Base Prospectus 
General Information 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
General 
 
The Issuer may issue Instruments under the Programme from time to time. The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Instruments which may be offered under the Programme is Euro 5,000,000,000, 
provided that the Issuer may, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme 
Agreement, increase or decrease such amount by appropriate action in which case a new Base Prospectus 
or a Supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme will be filed for approval with the 
relevant competent authority. 
 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 5299002CRNX7K6KOL397. 
 
Issue Price of the Instruments 
 
The issue price will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Authorisation 
 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Instruments under the Programme were duly 
authorised by the Issuer by resolution of the Board of Managing Directors of the Issuer dated 
24 September 2012, 24 April 2018 and 3 December 2018.  
 
Listing and Trading 
 
Instruments issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months after the date of approval hereof 
may be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg).  
 
Instruments issued under the Programme may also be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and traded on the Euro MTF which is being operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as an 
unregulated market.  
 
The Instruments may be admitted to trading and listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or may 
not be listed and traded on any stock exchange, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below). 
 
Negative Pledge 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments do not provide for any negative pledge provisions. 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer 
and other members of the Santander Group. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform services for the Issuer and other members of the Santander Group in the ordinary course of 
business. 
 
Stabilisation 
 
Stabilisation in relation to the Instruments may be carried out by the Issuer or any stabilising manager 
appointed by the Issuer in order to support the market price of the relevant Instruments. There is no

--- Page 123 ---
- 117 - 
 
assurance that stabilisation will be undertaken and it may be ended at any time. Stabilisation measures, if 
undertaken, will be carried out for a limited time period, starting on the date of adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Instruments and end, whatever is earlier, either no later than 30 
calendar days after the date on which the Issuer of the Instruments received the proceeds of the issue, or no 
later than 60 calendar days after the date of allotment of the relevant Instruments. 
 
Description of Rules Regarding the Resolution of Holders 
 
The relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes may provide that the Holders may agree to amendments or 
decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed by taking votes without a 
meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder, 
irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour or 
against such resolution. 
 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge before 
the German courts. 
 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) if the vote was solicited by the joint representative (gemeinsamer 
Gläubigervertreter) of the Holders (the "Holders' Representative"), the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a 
person appointed by the competent court. 
 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such 
notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based 
on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of 
the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote 
may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the 
objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings. 
 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting 
 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative. Meetings of Holders 
must be convened if one or more Holders holding five per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes so require 
for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and exercise 
of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The convening notice 
will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The place of the meeting 
is the place of the Issuer's registered offices, provided, however, that where the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange within the European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place 
of such stock exchange.

--- Page 124 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution. 
 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. The Holders' meeting will have a quorum if the persons 
attending represent at least 50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes by value. If the quorum is not reached, a 
second meeting may be convened at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution 
may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. Resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes have to be implemented by supplementing or amending the relevant Global 
Notes. 
 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against the Issuer, the Holders' Representative is obliged 
and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by the Holders 
are subject to the provisions of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Holders may 
bring an action to set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one 
month following the publication of the resolution. 
 
Ratings  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following ratings have been assigned to Santander Consumer 
Bank:  
 
Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") (1)(2) has assigned the long-term issuer default rating A-(3) (outlook stable) and 
the short-term issuer default rating F2(4). 
 
Standard & Poor´s(2)(5) has assigned the long-term issuer default rating A(6) (outlook stable) and the short-
term issuer default rating A1(7). 
 
Moody´s(2)(8) has assigned the long-term issuer default rating A2(9) (outlook stable) and the short-term issuer 
default rating P-1(10). 
 
 
(1) 
Fitch Ratings Ltd. is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), as amended from 
time to time and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register). 
(2) 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended from time to time (the "CRA Regulation"). That list is updated within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that 
update list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
(3) 
The classification ("A") is the third highest category within Fitch’s long-term credit scale. The modifier "-" 
 
indicates that the Issuer’s debt ranks in the lower end of that category.  
(4) 
The classification F2 is the second highest category within Fitch’s short-term credit scale 
(5) 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
(6) 
The classification "A" is the third highest category with Standard & Poor’s long-term credit scale. 
(7) 
The classification "A1" is the highest category within Standard & Poor’s short-term credit scale. 
(8) 
Moody’s is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
(9) 
The classification "A" is the second highest category within Moody’s long-term credit scale. The modifier "2" 
 
indicates that the Issuer's debt ranks in the middle of that category. 
(10) 
The classification "P-1" is the highest category within Moody’s short-term credit scale. 
 
Documents available for Inspection 
 
For a period of which this Base Prospectus is valid, i.e. for a period of 12 months after its approval, copies 
of the following documents concerning the Issuer will be available for inspection, and copies thereof will

--- Page 125 ---
- 119 - 
 
be available free of charge upon oral or written request, during normal business hours at the principle office 
of the Issuer: 
 
(i) 
the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer; 
 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto;  
 
(iii) 
the English language annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 of 
the Issuer including the annual financial statements and the auditor’s report as incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus; 
 
(iv) 
the English language annual financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 of 
the Issuer including the annual financial statements and the auditor’s report as incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus; 
 
Furthermore, this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, any document incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus will also be available from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and under the website of the Issuer (https://www.santander.de/ueber-santander/investor-
relations/refinanzierung/). 
 
Documents incorporated by Reference 
 
The following documents shall be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus: 
 
Document / Heading 
Page reference in 
the 
relevant 
financial report 
 
The English language translations of the Santander Consumer Bank AG 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements 2020 
 
 
Balance Sheet as of 31 December 2020 
40-41 
Profit and Loss Statement for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2020 
42-43 
Annex 
44-60 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
61-65 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/geschaeftsberichte/geschaeftsbericht-santander-
2020-englisch.pdf  
 
 
The English language translations of the Santander Consumer Bank AG 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements 2021 
 
 
Balance Sheet as of 31 December 2021 
45-46 
Profit and Loss Statement for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2021 
 
47-48 
Annex 
49-67 
IndependentAuditor’s Report 
68-72 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/geschaeftsberichte/geschaeftsbericht-santander-
2021-englisch.pdf

--- Page 126 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme for the Issue of the Notes (including Pfandbriefe) dated 12 May 
2017 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German and English language version) 
46-79 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German and English language version) 
80-99 
Form of Final Terms applicable to Notes and to the Pfandbriefe (except for 
coverpages and Part II) 
100-110 
 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/refinanzierung/basisprospekt-2017.pdf 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme for the Issue of the Notes (including Pfandbriefe) dated 11 May 
2018 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German and English language version) 
51-88 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German and English language version) 
89-110 
Form of Final Terms applicable to Notes and to the Pfandbriefe (except for 
coverpages and Part II) 
111-122 
 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/refinanzierung/basisprospekt-2018.pdf 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme for the Issue of the Notes (including Pfandbriefe) dated 11 March 
2019 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German and English language version) 
51-89 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German and English language version) 
90-111 
Form of Final Terms applicable to Notes and to the Pfandbriefe (except for 
coverpages and Part II) 
112-124 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/refinanzierung/basisprospekt-2019.pdf 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme for the Issue of the Notes (including Pfandbriefe) dated 7 May 
2020 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German and English language version) 
27-65 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German and English language version) 
66-87 
Form of Final Terms applicable to Notes and to the Pfandbriefe (except for 
coverpages and Part II) 
88-106 
 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/refinanzierung/basisprospekt-2020.pdf 
 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Programme for the Issue of the Notes (including Pfandbriefe) dated 7 May 
2021 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German and English language version) 
 
15-54 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German and English language version) 
55-76 
Form of Final Terms applicable to Notes and to the Pfandbriefe (except for 
coverpages and Part II) 
77-97 
 
https://www.santander.de/content/pdf/investor-relations/refinanzierung/basisprospekt-2021.pdf

--- Page 127 ---
- 121 - 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the reports (Geschäftsberichte) of the Issuer as well as such parts 
of the respective Debt Issuance Programmes which are not explicitly listed in the table above are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Such parts are either of no relevance for an investor or 
covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Any document incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus will be available for inspection on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
and 
on 
the 
webpage 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.santander.de/ueber-santander/investor-relations/refinanzierung/).

--- Page 128 ---
- 122 - 
 
ADDRESS LIST 
 
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Santander Consumer Bank AG 
Santander-Platz 1 
41061 Mönchengladbach 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Moskauer Straße 19 
40227 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
England